I'm mad about yeah well that will never
get repeated in Comcast history
well we fucked that up we thought we
were recording we were saying how Bert
is the only person we know who's both
funny and a great promoter like usually
you get one or the other you get someone
who's really funny but we're talking
about Bert's we saw all this is dream
record with so much better video is
being recorded
oh I'm just that video so I can leave
that in the mp3 or breaking download
that everybody the audio we're gonna
stop now we're gonna double rapido sauce
so a bunch of people birdies to have a
show called Bert hurt Bert and that one
disturbed me the most because I remember
this one at all
Bert he would do a bunch of stupid shit
and get injured but he's really getting
hurt he's dude you just see with some
kid and some red belt kid who's with
Elson girl Horry and Gracie really that
when he was that young he really reminds
me that frat guy yeah but he was I can't
really see it now but this is him like
four years removed from that this guy
keeps arm bar enemy hasn't know what to
do here kids 108 pounds I think part of
it he's also going along with it
enjoying he's got to take the offensive
fuck that wow this kid I'll never see it
he's played duck twice possum twice
right a video that I showed you that
Bridget fantasy showed me it's a video
of this guy who's on a school bus and it
just it start to the bus driver rolling
it all kid off the school bus screaming
at them and then a bunch of people like
what the fuck are you doing man he's a
back onto the bus the bus driver gets
back on the bus and then they check are
you okay and they realize this little
kid with like a lunchbox and everything
that actually a grown midget and he's
pretending that he's a little kid
hanging out with these little kids and
the bus driver found it through the look
at everybody's faith with like when they
say wait he's not a kid and they're all
yeah oh I was mad I'm Steph you lunch
box he throws out his lunch box and he
grabs them throws them yeah it's crazy
cuz he's got a little bit way to beat
his ass beat the bus drivers ass they
saw him chuck off of little kids five
year olds body people raised his karma
cops
and then they get to him to see hey you
okay now watch this they go that's a
grown-ass man that dude was pretending
to be everybody's confused look how
confused I was bad before I don't know
what to think now that's crazy they
thought okay there's a David Blaine
that's crazy why did we bring that up
why were we talking about that that's a
great question that's nothing to do it's
nothing to do with burp I don't know
what that was it's what I did no no no a
kid the kid was beating up Burton
jiu-jitsu I don't remember member yeah
this is not sober November November
November I definitely don't remember
what the fuck we're talking about dude
you're uh you're on an iPhone now tell
me what that's been like okay it's been
pretty interesting yeah so I've set
myself in October to see if I could
pluck and do it again you told me about
that app that's on the thing mm-hmm
limits your screen time there what's
your screen time yeah another for your
kids yeah yeah that's what I was looking
for like five six years ago there was
nothing we just give you alarms and you
can lose enough yeah yeah you know it's
sort of like remember when we had to do
those 15 yoga classes uh-huh you had to
do it so because you had to do it you
just fucking knew you were gonna do it
the wishy-washy Ness was gone of what
the wish you watch this I don't have to
do this I could back off or just I'm
kind of tired anyway let me take the day
off
that shit was gone you couldn't do that
yeah that's sort of the same thing with
that app because you could always say
I'm not gonna use my phone much fuck
that mean dude I'm an observer of the
other people our phones everyone who
says that is on all the time yeah it's
so easy to be on and you could with me I
found myself just reading Google news
stories for no reason just looking and a
lot of them aren't even like an
interesting it's like oh this car sold
for this much money or oh you know just
like yeah wasting time wasting time
hungry bored I'm lying to myself because
I'm always thinking that I'm gonna hope
but there's material in this I'm gonna
find a story that's really funny yeah
but you those kinda you find out anyway
you know I'm saying like you people who
are forced out you really good ones like
that guy getting thrown off the bus yeah
the way that thing would have got you
you know years before the internet ass
the horse want God to us well the
internet was around but it was years
before social media what was a joke
I went haha no special what yeah
why Tommy central said it was too rough
it's pretty rough oh you just house it
the early days of the internet were like
this yeah yeah well it was a true story
- yeah I did have a friend of mine that
I go back and forth with he was so
fucking he was one of those dudes that
just knows everything that's fucked up
like he can find all the video the Budd
Dwyer video you know he was one of those
guys and he would send me this videos
like batters up and I would like batter
up but the fucking says I opened up the
email and it's that porn star with a
baseball bat up her ass belladonna yes
it was her I was like Jesus Christ and
then you know and then it we would go
back and forth I would send him
something fucked up he would send me
something fucked up the baseball bat was
surprising it's bad know we're batter up
I was like what is this I'm like oh my
god girls asshole must be a wreck dude
interesting fact about belladonna that
first storytelling show we ever did at
The Improv 12 people were there and she
was one of them oh wow well she used to
go to the Comedy Store no she was cool
yeah yeah it was crazy
they offered me some gaping porn they
had some DVDs they were giving them away
I'm like I'm good man thanks guys like
why didn't you take it I was like hey
man it's not a disrespectful thing it's
just not into your art also I'm afraid I
gotta go down this line husband this
hole that wouldn't like gaping porn is
the weirdest shit ever because it's
people want to look inside people's
bodies you want to look in the hole they
want the hole to be gaping yes I guess
that's a style of porn
beeping and why the drip out you ever
see the drip out at the end like why is
this still recording
and they shake the clothes up you know
what I'm talking about clothes they just
love a John and wait for the gins to
come out yeah I agree with that face
yeah it's not for me I don't know why
it's still on appeal like it people like
weird shit right people like feet they
like they like everything and some are
like what's really weird is a some
things that some people would hate other
people love mm-hmm yeah with food too
and movies and shit like that
intelligent well-respected woman all
right well I won't break up her name was
on stage talking about how she likes
taking loads in the face now she might
have been saying this as a joke but it
might have been true some people just
like love it like some girls like that
right that's why it's or was it guys
like it and that's why it's a thing or
girls pretend they like it so the guys
do it but for some girls would be like
fuck that get that away from me other
people would love it that's what's weird
about humans Yeah right there's so many
people that are in this such weird shit
I Spit on vagina once you once whatever
and I'm like oh man he didn't like my
vagina like I well I won't do it again
Wow but a guy would get mad if a girl
spit on his dick I don't think no they
might be like whoa they're just shift
away but maybe if you were like having a
really hard time staying hard anyway
because she's you know she's
intimidating you you've barely hanging
in there and then she spits on your day
you're like hey what the hell might lose
your bone what if it's like real cut
yeah a full gagger right away yeah
you're kissing and then she's long is
the next step when you're like whoa slow
down fuck down was this type of porn
inevitable or like yes Larry question
ever did the hustler stuff it never went
through all the court cases would those
Larry Flynt guys are important that they
help move the needle for sure no doubt I
mean that guy took a bullet for the
freedom of expression whether you like
porn or not we've all jerked off to it
and if you say didn't you're a hypocrite
I mean I'm not a liar not listening
really crossed the line that was that
exists yes he certainly did but my
point is I think that there was a-there
like they already done deep throat
before hustler right wasn't deep throat
when was deep throat deep throat was a
porn film that people went to see like a
regular film it was like a movie it was
ex same time wasn't it also a nickname
like a codename for someone like yes
like that
no no that's post that's during
Watergate well that was one of the
insiders in Watergate and their nickname
was deep throat but that was because the
movie had already been a 70 they named
one of the Nixon Watergate people fun
yeah yeah for sure
fuckin look man those CIA people or
whoever the fuck was involved with all
that stuff SP FBI
yeah they're there a lot of them are
Bros yeah do you think one grows and
that's guys like oh really because I
went to someone who's running for
president I program office dude I'm sure
I'm sure there's some of that some of
that there's there a lot of I mean
they're like cops
yeah like military people you know
they're like a lot of them are just men
guys guys men they probably watch porn
yeah probably know deep throat is they
you know if you're working for like one
of the biggest police I mean it's
essentially our police organization none
of them major in English with a focus on
Shakespeare FBI's law enforcement yeah
yeah that's what it is they're bucks
yeah not not disrespected but that's why
they would probably throw a group group
of women that are you know from
University of Massachusetts Amherst yeah
the call fuckin yarning they're
definitely not gonna call deep throat
yeah that would be contributing to the
patriarchy Manic Panic but that movie
was in 72 so Wendy hustlers start
hustler was around 75 76 are you
aficionado I remember Lewis
collection Kevin Smith this you remember
like that's it larry flynt started in
Columbus the first health rights were
that's right that's right my oh yes
right yeah man I had to go to the
hustler office once to review porn there
was like an article that they were doing
where you review porn it was so weird it
was like the weirdest thing I forget is
like early in the days the internet
right like more than 20 plus me like
trying to figure anything out yeah
they're just trying to figure things out
and try things out so you watched a
porno over there I don't remember what
it was I think I was reviewing magazines
I was reviewing porn magazines I'm
trying to think that was what it was
or maybe they showed me a little of the
porno they showed me the magazine I
don't remember it was the same time
hustler started same here the Nixon
ended 74 mm-hmm versus the deep throat
was 72 yeah so that's exactly where it
came from you and Stanhope and stand-ups
mom review boobs or something yes
stand-ups mom reviewed porn on the
manchild that was it yeah that's what it
was Sam hopes mom would watch porn and
give these fucking hilarious reviews if
it was one of the best things we did it
was really his mom was really funny too
really she's like Hinchcliffe mom you
seen hence cliffs mom dude she's his
hands up mom did stand-up he wrote the
bits for her and she did him she had cue
cards she did it at killed Tony packed
main room and fucking murdered I'm
telling you dude she killed and one of
them she got me with a zinger I forget
what it was it was fun it was all shit
that Tony wrote it was funny shit man
and she did it with like authority like
she hit the punch lines like he coached
her Lee yeah yeah it was great it was
great she had never done anything like
that before I hear she murdered at her
son's show and he brings her up as his
mom there it is right now there's his
mom okay that's it is she's amazing I'm
telling you dude she fucking murdered it
look at all over him
dude
how dare you how dare you she was really
good man wow that's cool I don't play
any of it because it's their stuff but
people could see it what's the video
killed 25 year anniversary episode 270
so was da my rare who's the best at
those who don't look he's the best no
one's better than DOM at those uh roast
shows Hawking shit or like something
like kill Tony where God does it one
minute of terrible comedy and he gets
the job he's just a master at dissecting
people ironically have you ever seen him
do is open my character oh yeah arrow is
arrow razor it's something like that oh
he does is so good he's so nervous if
you interrupt me have to back up and
start from this from the beginning like
over and over again he's so good on kill
Tony he should be a regular he really
should every episode he should be on
every episode and then whoever the guest
is on top of it he's is so good he's
just so good at talking shit to people
when they do terrible things and do it
in a way we can't even be mad at him
what were you watching
last night's episode of kill Tony no I
didn't see it you'll have to watch it
when it comes out it Ari was on
yesterday Oh was it good I think you
that's what I do I get standing oohs wow
dude I just came out that good comics
how's that work for you - they have to
blur out your cock and balls I don't
know it's something they should deal
with I'm just there for the live show it
should be they should have like a little
a little like button you can put a
little Ari thing that come out
surrounding your cock why doesn't
YouTube let me say i setting it to light
on the youtubes just so if you see a
cock blurred out did you see the new
release that said something and maybe
this is people freaking out for no
reason maybe it's not skipped over words
people are freaking out about some new
terms that they have where they can get
rid of any channel that they don't think
is commercially viable is that the quote
they did update their Terms of Service
but I don't I haven't looked into this
I'm just going off of what I think I
don't know that that's like new in the
terms
like Facebook can delete your thing I
think Twitter can do I kind of think
that's kind of in all of them so they
always have the ability to tell you to
fuck off you can't delete your own
account but they can delete yours I mean
come on dude
they run the fucking world run the world
well Facebook they're bigger than the
government Facebook's giant yeah there's
a natural national don't go anywhere
they're bigger than the government
they're giant you know what freaked me
out docker Berg on TV in China
I think you speaking Mandarin I was so
impressed I was like look at this
fucking guy how smart is he yeah you
know the same schools he went to I mean
that's that's beside the point
yeah yeah I what's he doing why he went
to that school that can't do it you know
speaking Mandarin that's hard you got if
you're learning that as an adult
apparently shit and he does it on a talk
show and people are laughing it's really
funny man so he's on this show and the
guys speaking to him I think it's
Mandarin what understand yeah no he they
understand it tells a story to the crowd
and they're laughing so he told it joke
he told a joke at Chinese did he know it
already he knew how to talk in Chinese
from colony learned no I think I think
his wife is Chinese so he learned you
know either well yeah because I was out
of that movie mm-hmm so I think he's
he's just one of those dudes it's just a
little too smart for his own good
he's Ryan Facebook they're trying to
fucking of course they are they
definitely are but it's just that the
influence that one person can have you
are a kid who starts up a social network
you think you're just gonna connect
people that want to like say some
captions from school yeah you try to
start making some cash and then the next
thing you know people are using it to
shift democracies and then people are
putting filters in there to try to
control the content and then people are
biased against certain political
ideologies and more submissive or more
permissive of others and then it becomes
really weird like this a free speech so
I'm like what is this is this like you
decide who are you who are these people
to get to decided they deciding only for
money like how did you engineer this
you wait a minute.you engine you didn't
engineer it specifically to create
conflict but it's more monetarily
beneficial for you to create conflict
and your algorithm is sort of conflict
it's it's it's sort of gravitates
towards conflict right like if you're if
you engage with things a lot of people
like say if it's enough if it's a topic
that is a very rare time at got you a
met abortion abortion if you engage with
abortion threads your fucking your feed
will be filled with those things oh yeah
yeah and then coming back what yeah it's
much comment but if here's my question
if you're a person that instead engages
with only positive stuff would that make
your urine your I mean is it just what
you're engaged yeah so I did this as a
test to myself whatever on YouTube you
see how much YouTube was influencing me
you know with that algorithm you look at
fucking one video go down a hole yeah
you go down a hole Tim Poole kept coming
up for fucking you know five months
after that after that pockets who did
and then it was like so I was like from
now on for a month
I'm only clicking on puppy videos mmm
I'm searching puppy videos when I see
one
like oh viewers or if somebody's that I
want to see or music something that pops
up before I'm like nope not touching it
only searching and clicking on YouTube
buddies up or puppies sometimes it gave
me dogs but it was just more and more
that shit soldiers coming home when
their dogs greeting them and then
eventually you just start hitting me
with only fucking puppy videos so that
the algorithm just recognizes what
you're interested in yeah so you can't
blame people then no but sometimes it
makes you think this way it makes you
get mad about something you ever talk to
someone who's like woke about something
and you want to be like I don't really
believe you I don't believe you're this
mad about this thing like somebody made
you this mad it doesn't doesn't quite
make sense you know and so then it's
like I think they've been influenced I
think a certain way by these dumb
algorithms so kind of you've on to be
upset about things too
one of the one of the things about like
being into anything left-wing or
right-wing stuff is like when you get
into it it's fun yeah other people are
into it's fun too when when you got
action shits happen and you yelling to
each other you know you go into that
fucking Facebook every day what the fuck
these assholes have to say about the
First Amendment to do
right you know you want to get work with
us yeah but you proved at least on
YouTube that if you just gravitated
towards positive things like most of my
YouTube feed is like MMA fights and pool
matches I watch a lot of pool pro pool
like my end muscle cars my YouTube feed
is pretty it's it's pretty much what I
look for I don't look for a lot shit I
look to YouTube for fun only does still
hit you with shit that you're like this
about occasionally they'd sneak some
gossipy stuff in there some celebrity
stuff in there you know weird weird ones
get in that don't seem to make sense
yeah often why but I don't use Facebook
so that's the most evil one yeah I use
it in a sense that it's connected to my
Instagram but I don't actually use it
use it I don't get in there I don't read
it I don't there's a little controversy
this week that instagrams gonna take the
likes away from yeah I heard about that
it's gonna take the lights away to terms
like viewing two minute buys you can see
how many likes you got for a post have
include how many views you can see it
all but I can't see how many likes you
got if you put up a picture and your
picture got 40,000 likes
I can never see that wow so they can
still make their money off it but
everyone else won't come to a contest of
like speculation is that it's going to
drive advertising dollars into giving
money directly to Instagram instead of
people those fucks those funds really
but if you were an Instagram right and
you had people making sure tons of money
off your platform just by posting things
hey this is my new butt cream or
whatever the fuck you're selling yeah
and they don't even get a piece of that
they got to be like hey what are we
doing we're spending a million dollars a
month and fucking bandwidth probably way
more than that actually and way more
than that they have videos and shit till
you get upload videos it's got to be
millions in bandwidth for every month
and then I can't know that I get it
though people go there they'll get to my
other ads it's dude they still monetize
them but you'll be able to show like if
you if you have you know if you have a
screenshot of your phone do that I also
think that it's gonna de incentivize
people to like photos exactly because
you don't see you're making a difference
right
who's made more money than those but
doctors because of Instagram like if you
look like the percentage of like uptick
in revenue yeah like but doctors like
guys who just specialize in jobs better
its Instagram made them they put them on
the map this dudes out there with but
don't going drugs they're robbers do
pata and that suddenly do you know
there's a theory that that I think is
true that women are just hotter these
days because they're always on the verge
of being on Instagram so even to go to
the supermarket they're putting makeup
on their put a nice nice clothes on
they're always looking their best
because they learn to a friend they
might get uploaded this is a tough time
to be frumpy yeah you know if you're a
gal there's a lot of competition out
there and there's a lot of a lot of
these hoes go for it okay they don't
they go for it they're pulling their
panties aside and at 38 percent of their
pictures you know I mean there's a lot a
lot of like strong competition out there
now they're changing the bar and this is
by the way for sure
yeah one of the reasons why
prostitutions illegal why one of the
reasons why prostitution is illegal it
would completely flip relationships on
its head if guys didn't need to have a
relationship to have sex just sex and
relationships were only love it so you
can go know get sex from a woman for
money just like get a handjob or just
like you can get a massage rather you
can get a handjob
yeah I give you I can how can I get
massage for that they can't besides your
dick yeah well if they did if they could
there was B so people would change what
they want out of a relationship yeah it
would be different you you would you do
would be it would be way like any women
are not saying that all women are like
this but woman any woman that is
sexually manipulative or like she won't
she withhold sex from her man if he
doesn't do certain things and goes away
that goes away dude that people my
friends in Bangkok I met people in
Bangkok they were like they don't play
those the regular women here the
non-working woman right they don't play
the game right because they knows I
could just walk down the street right
like a bodega in New York they're
everywhere you just find a woman yeah so
this like I'll make him wait that way
it's like shut up with
yeah you're interested just go for it
the problem is shame for the girl that's
the fucking problem if there was no
shame for the girl if you didn't if no
one really cared if she hooked up with
you on a one-night stand it turns out
she fucked your cousin a month ago no
one cared
that's almost gone it's almost gone yeah
it is almost gone right it's changing
yeah no conversations people didn't talk
about this shit and we're kids
you two figure it out on your own it's
so casual no dude nobody taught you
about jerking off nobody taught you
about drinking nobody taught you what to
do in a relationship those are the three
most confusing fucking things you're
just guessing yeah guess can I make a
PSA real quick for children who are
gonna start drinking your parents are
never gonna teach you about alcohol use
there's a thing called coasting when you
have a few drinks you can switch to
water if you're feeling drunk you're
gonna throw up if you keep drinking like
a child but you're a child right so you
don't get how to do it yet you got a
coast one water one beer one water what
beer here's a great time don't have too
many don't have if you're gonna drink
and I don't advise anyone under 21 to
drink cuz that's illegal but if I was
gonna advise them I would say have two
drinks don't have more than two two will
fuck you up man okay you're sure gonna
get drunk but if you're 16 years old
maybe 16 to put you in a fucking a goofy
mood I would say wherever you're at if
you're feeling good just stop for a
while top for a while it's good right
there you still got more going down -
the problem is you lose your inhibitions
right they go out the window and then
you're having fun you want to have more
fun you know you got bird on the table
oh he's got his butt crack you're
underneath that he's porn asshole shots
it's just because you can have two or
three of those in four minutes and get
blasted and suddenly you're like what
happened your mainlining alcohol right -
the old hatch one shot you feel it like
like instantly like whoa you're ready to
throw up you still got two more shots
that haven't hit you yet whoa that's
what's up
you know what else is up our ship yours
are given be with me at the improv
tonight at 10:30 sold-out show fuckers
okay great oh yeah it's gonna be good
time how this shows it good Diaz is on
the first show oh really yeah like fun
times
can I ask my specialist fuck
yeah I'm finally doing my special yes
you know which which theater did you
choose the Skirball Center New York we
talked a lot of bus
I'm so glad yeah the back because tell
everybody the whole jet the whole you
went on a little journey there job
trying to find a venue I was I was it's
a lot about Judaism my upbringing you
know if I couldn't do that
comedy club funny be done with that shit
yeah you know so that's what I've been
working on for a while yeah it's been a
couple of years right been a customer
the longest one two and a half years hmm
but it's also the first one that you did
like a theme and it's essentially to
what she did was like there's a lot of
guys who do that I've never been to
Edinburgh but that fast it is like
that's how it is right
oh my gosh it's like a lot of people who
do theme yeah come in so you decided to
do a theme but to do this theme with
american-style stand-up yeah that's
exactly it dude yeah yeah the fur I went
two years I went with my storytelling
show one year and then I was like my
plan was to go show them what a fucking
American hour was which is my last
special just like hey here's just stand
up you fucking fools trying to do some
fucking hot hire thing where you're like
tying it all together but they're not
funny right they do like 20 minutes of
unfunny mm-hmm and so I was like
everybody here I'm giving you an
American hour and it was just that and
then the next year the plan was and it
became two years later was like now I'll
do one of your stupid fucking themed
hours but I'm not gonna do or I'm just
fucking serious for 20 minutes
ridiculous how would they do they really
do when I don't get it I don't get why
you have to I get the theme I don't get
why you have to stop being funny did you
see until theaters you see Hannah Gatsby
is your life because the video is off
the net the net yeah I saw that was her
name you didn't see I didn't see it like
the people I know saw it live was like
in the room they're like to him it was
like pretty powerful because that shit
goes a 10 Bert so people see four or
five shows a day for five days in a row
and she's so but her thing a lot of is
not funny some of its funny but a little
funny yes that was like legit powerful
stuff where you're like you're caught up
in the emotion about a lot of them is
just forcing in and I've seen people do
my storytellers sure like forcing in
some like
lesson or something seconds not there
it's okay you just have a fun story for
seeing lessons is gross yeah I always
like the moth which I like them off but
like they'll do the moth month is a
storytelling series Mikey D did one on
there about about maybe I'll get an AIDS
oh I just don't know and about his aunt
or something but usually it was like
comics did it was just funny
and then when normals did it they would
like they would have something they'd be
like that's not just the day I lost my
watch that's the day I lost my innocence
oh they just got overdramatic yeah and
that's what these do in Edinboro allah
some of them are really good right but
that theme thing was that and i was like
i want to do that better when you say
american-style stand-up I almost wish I
wasn't an American stand-up so I could
fucking wholeheartedly agree with you
it's but I wish I wasn't an actual
American stand-up so I could have all
that be one opinionated point in this
cuz when I hear people say like
America's not were the best and I'm
sorry I'm like it's fine they're doing
great they started behind us I'm sure a
lot of you are out there in New Zealand
and Florida and other countries
Florida's not America some of your
genius and some of your amongst the best
in the world doesn't disqualify you for
being amongst the best in the world but
if you want to say that there's not a
greater number of hilarious fucks female
and male in America add weight
disproportionate number you're out of
your fucking mind
the greatest ones are here you're out of
your mind it's not even close it's not
even it's there's no race yeah it's a
median it's a non-starter Yeah right
exactly there's a lot of great comics
other places but overall they're just
like behind us take us completely out of
the equation take our friends out of the
equation yeah this place is filled with
assassins this is a wildness built up
fucking rebels Wow especially now with
the internet I mean you can become a
legit national act with no one's help
like Andrew like Schultz is doing yeah
he is doing everything everything
through YouTube he's selling out
theaters he's murdering it you don't
need anybody anymore
these fucking killers like him all these
assassins he's turned the corner to
people talk about it and like not about
draw but just about like there's
material on stage yeah he's working at
it so funny fuck me he's a smart dude
but the thing is like these guys they're
they're blossoming now there's a bunch
of them man they're all over the place
yeah yeah great fucking economic people
get so worked up too which is also fun
it's just a fun time overall
he'll definitely get more mad than you
ever have before but they also get
happier that you're willing to push the
envelope
it's a little bit of danger again we
talked about this can dangerous again
it's great yeah you said that to me on
the phone once I'll never forget that I
was driving home I loved it you say the
wrong thing like I think I can go a
little darker and they're like nope
you're done no we'll never be written
off to each other exactly we're fine but
that's the reason why we can kind of we
have freedom that maybe people in 40 for
short TV shows don't have oh yeah you
don't have any freedom they don't have
any freedom
well not but also right they can take
away a level of money we can make but
like they can't take away the ability to
do stand-up
yeah unless every club says we won't
book you or even the workout clubs won't
happen you guys just still do stand-up
right which is like the main thing yes
yeah and you just have a few clubs it'll
be like it will never gonna fucking get
rid of him for anything he says but yeah
and also the fans like if you did
something I mean it would have to be
some horrible shit real-life shit yeah
you'd have to murder somebody yeah yeah
do you think Oh Jay could you stand up
for sure oh my god how do we make that
happen we could get to charismatic
I think he's friends with norm yeah I
think Norm Macdonald maybe I shouldn't
say friends like norm knows him I think
norm has actually talked to him about
doing his part really yes do you know
epic that would be that would be crazy I
wanna show you something the stand wrote
a long time ago now that we're talking
with this if norm had if norm coached
him Oh Jay Simpson on his podcast
hey juice
this norm has this norm has whatever the
fuck the opposite of having a filter is
it's not having no filter he's just got
like like weird crazy shits got come out
of his mouth he doesn't give up fuck did
you see the uh did you see the Sacha
Baron Cohen with OJ no I did not oh you
gotta watch it yeah I know I know
I didn't see oh it's the best and he's
just this Italian guy and he's like you
gotta watch but he's like yeah ya know
it has some assistant women you know I
wish I could kill them but I guess I
could not the guys like oh jeez like oh
man no no no he gets him oh he's just so
convincing he's so ballsy yeah to be
able to do that shit in front of right
in front of those people they don't even
know what's happening yeah
and they've signed up yeah here read
this is what I mean by like they can't
ever take it all away from us because
you have clubs like this the stand is
when I got one of my ear ages everyone
can understand posting hateful messages
and emailing hate speech to us we never
respond to such irresponsible protest
despite what you feel about Ari Shaffir
we have the right to book or hire anyone
regardless of their views on religion
race or politics Ari's a comedian and a
performer just because you view his
creations is something that is not
humorous but hate speech that is your
opinion
lower assing our establishment and will
not deter us from booking Ari to perform
at the stand please refrain from
engaging our staff furthermore
unorganized protests over a over a
something that is out of our control
okay is not only morally wrong but as
viewed as a crime we will find out what
special interest group this is and press
charges if this continues that is all
that's a public post that's what
everyone else is backing down it's like
well it's a tough time right now you
will always have a few clubs like that
they're like get the fuck away yeah
we're not doing that so you'll always
have a place thank God thank you God
yeah yeah Odin praise Zeus yeah yeah man
we need them we need people like the
store we need many places that you know
in some clubs they don't recognize that
I used to admits you would do this they
used to like right like full letters
about Paul Mooney complaining about him
and we're like what are you do and she
was like call Paul read it to him and
then decide if he wants the letter or
not tell the people who complained that
he's going to be severely punished he
did there's a call ball we're just laugh
about it goes really get really got I
love this and we read it back because
what was safe for my day yeah and then
and then we call the person was like
okay he's been docked for two weeks he
won't be here here's four free tickets
to The Comedy Store and when did they be
there when he was there again and he of
course he was never told not to show up
oh my god but like there were idiots
back then - it's hilarious
always yeah they're never gonna back
down you know what I love looking at
Yelp reviews when I find someone else
like a one-star for a restaurant that I
know is good all right one-star then
I'll read the review Mike let me check
out this dude's profile everything sucks
every waiters rude every fucking food is
cold my house more like you're off White
House wash it some people are just twat
yeah they're just you know did you see
that New York Times review they gave the
fucking Brooklyn steak house that we
love what the hell's that called Peter
Lugar's they gave Peter Lugar's one star
one star that remember we just went
there yeah it was fucking amazing
my god it's dude those potatoes they
gave it one star three stars you're like
well maybe something happened I don't
know it's smart because look if you're a
provocateur / journalists and I know how
much you love trolls yeah that's one of
the most delicious restaurants of all
time and he made a one-star rating it's
either that or he's a moron
so either he's really clever kind of or
easy he's got to be a twat up on top of
Google when you search Peter Luger
review so now it sputters I can't why
star I can't count on Peter Lucas take I
wasn't booking to produce certain
sensations and then I don't know well
it's a very very popular restaurant
right there's a giant waiting list last
time we were there and we luckily
weaseled in and had to grease some palms
but it's a fucking sweet spot
India's went with deers in town he was
like get a reservation like getting look
you're on your mind you can't get one so
we had my manager assistant call and say
were part of Obama's staff they said we
could do 3:15 and that's it
oh my god
Obama's down yeah that's hilarious
that's hilarious
the food's there is fucking amazing once
our restaurant you've come not one star
after troll you're absolutely right
that's that's more than he's not just
he's just he's one of those writers
there's certain writers that are just
trying to be assholes with everything
they do they love being assholes they
love accentuating you live the art form
of being an asshole an art form of being
an articulate asshole they're an asshole
with good you know how to say that you
know put the right words in the right
order what just sounds juicy and pops
and makes you seem terrible but we don't
know or something like Peter Lugar's
like you lose that all that one star
means that's not what one star means
know what one star means your face you
go to the Olive Garden and the fucking
guy works behind the counter his heroin
problem zero stars zero they didn't give
it a one as the zero star that's what I
haven't even there's no zero stars what
is the lowest come on really
it's a Photoshop see it's more showing
this guy's trolling anyway look we're
talking about it's grey and he's a smart
man it's uncover him though we uncovered
him look if you want to make a fucking
splash in the restaurant review business
in 2019 that's what you do
yeah shitty place it'll work negative
you know you all love this well I hate
shit in your mouth yeah I mean he was
talking about the the state not being
flavorful your fucking minds they
dropped it on the floor picked it up on
the way it's still a two-star he's good
he's bullshitting and they're all buying
it hook line us he got us hook in the
jaw I'm fighting against the drag uh-huh
it's so much more fun to be angry at
something low though he first tell you
might special
oh you're special okay so since it was
this whatever this themed thing I was
like we should do it in a synagogue
there's this place that I was like this
works because it's like
like a performance space that was a
synagogue and then they didn't want me
to do it because my material and then we
kept trying to find new synagogues that
would let me do it the one that would be
good for performance and then also they
would let me do it and they were all
like no fucking way
mm-hmm yes something like you have a
Holocaust Rose I'm like yes and they're
like no my dad to survive I can see what
are the fuck I want or do I have to be
one no I think you can say whatever the
fuck you want to say in front of him
your dad is a fucking Holocaust survivor
this is a real thing you know I mean the
Holocaust was a real thing itself
thought I'd deal with it as a people but
yeah that's that's the thing it's like
that's one of the rare things where only
Jews can talk about it in that way I
mean anybody could talk about anything
right but only Jews can talk about the
Holocaust from a position of hey that
was my family that was killed that was
my dad who was in the fucking
concentration camp you can give us some
seriousness to want to do it the only
people that can say that that that is my
family are the people that were the only
indigo so if anybody the armenians got
fully wiped out dude
the I mean yeah I mean there's plenty of
them go to find out but I not only did
the Armenians have a genocide but there
was a denial of their genocide like a
serious denial of their genocide more
than a drew one yeah like open and
recent well not that not that long ago
people were still denying the Armenian
Genocide yeah and so that's a very
touchy one with that man I didn't know
about until many Gambier Ian told me
about it the other head the Turks well
they hate the people who massacred their
ancestors they also just hate the Turks
do you think so yeah at this point
they're probably not delineating
fuck all yeah it's turkey not turkey to
them is that one of them countries like
Japan is Nippon right we're like man
don't like it Japan
twork is a few countries I think Greece
is not Greece
I don't believe they call it Greece
Israel Israel it's close enough
yeah it's close enough Greece is not
Greece I don't believe Greece is Greece
door closed yeah that's close enough
what is the Iceland's probably not
Iceland they have a whole different
language maybe right yeah what is
Iceland but what is what is Greece in
their language what's the what's the
word I might have made that up let's see
if I made it up
let's see well I'm my brain is falling
apart lately anyway my special is
February a hard question to Google
easily why well what is Greece called in
Greece like it's time for Greek Greek I
don't but that gets not that's not that
ok what is the real name of the country
Greece ok that's right Turkey thing and
it's too close to Thanksgiving Oh turn
off for safety um turn on your heart
light what is what is the country Greece
all day what is the real name of the
country Greece the real name of the
country Greece what is it the ancient or
modern name of the country is hell us or
helada is the Hellenic Republic Wow
that's better then it's tougher it's not
something you put on an axle it's not
some you mix up with dancing yeah that's
better
Hellenic Republic yeah I know so so
that's one we fucked that one up I'm
pretty sure we fucked up Turkey I don't
think they call turkey Turkey Germany is
Deutschland right Deutschland yeah yeah
yeah Trey adopted it they took they
adopted it's a name known in English as
the Republican I bet the butter on this
tree bribed him this is probably some
cross-promotion with Kellogg's that's
hilarious
never Kazakhstan got mad at le G fucking
real mad and I'm real mad and I'm
furious he was making so much everybody
happier that Borat movies one of my
favorite movies ever that was one of the
best one of the best comedy oh good it's
so good up there funny
so good you go back and watch it today
and you're like what in the fuck man
I've been seen in a while and again that
guy he's just so good at fucking with
people he's so good at keeping a
straight
face while all this madness is going on
like remember when he shit in the bag
and was handing it to one of the people
in the house and Georgia do you remember
that the edge oh my god
like do you know a fella said he fell
asleep in that house and George like a
plantation house he's trying to get rid
of racist around them and then he fell
asleep cause ever drinking wine there
was a wine plantation he fell asleep and
what they were like he's gonna wake up
he's not gonna know what characters in
oh my god and then it's I didn't know
what to do it but then he woke up and he
was just like right into it
Wow I saw where he was like mm-hmm so he
oh my god that's hilarious
yeah got blasted woke up drunk still
realized he was Borat
yeah that's funny man and with Donald
Trump back in the day with the holidays
name here
you ever see the Ali G movie you made a
movie that was only available in the UK
I actually bought a special VHS player
just to play it really yeah because it
was one of those ones that was they used
to be true though to formats no VHS do
used to be to formats of VHS there was a
format they used over in the UK and
there was a format that we use here and
they're not compatible and you have to
get either get like a universal player
one that plays all formats or you had to
get a separate one so I went and got one
that plays both but I got it
specifically over the Olly G TV shows -
you used to be able to buy the THS oh
those are great ones from England yeah
dude I'm telling you man this fucking
boys got it yeah it's so silly
especially if you're high it's really
funny it's really fun and I heard people
tell me it's terrible Mike dude I don't
talk to me
I fucking laughed entirely through this
movie it's if you're if you're a STONER
this is an utter ending movie what is it
called Ali G in the house is from 2002
dude it's so good it's a lost gem it's
one of those that's the dude from the
office I don't remember the dude that
was with him the white guy yeah maybe I
don't remember in the British office
yeah I think it was hate writers go
either way
yeah Sam okay it's fucking great it's
fucking great it's really funny man
really funny
there's a dog licking balls is
ridiculous this is fun
you ever see all right greens shitty all
amazing movie yes I've already got
fingers yeah oh god that was funny
there's some funny moments nemily call
that the worst there was another one
Serbs I call that the worst movie of all
time and then you're finally watching
like this is legit funny shit Yanni shit
so like real life that's another one if
you watch it today you'd be laughing
hard yeah especially if you're a STONER
and when the baby was in the umbilical
cord I did he like lands with his house
in like the desert somewhere that's like
it's kind of sure to be over and it's
like he's still going and then
everyone's greeting him him and his dad
like Rip Torn or something agreed even
one of the signs says why is this movie
still going this whole fuckin show was
crazy that show was amazing that was an
amazing show at them
yeah it was the best it was like I
didn't you'd never seen anything like
that jackass
he took him Scott damn yeah there's a
lot of people taking serious risks on TV
back then yeah you know yeah how about
what's-his-face
um the fucking damn it the ex experience
what is this name that does the fucking
the guy who would do the right on people
and put makeup on and shit get there
Jamie Kennedy experiment sees is crime
sex am I not getting Jamie Kennedy out
of my mouth no weed my tolerance that
hold my dog my tolerance is through the
fucking floor yeah I have nothing I was
smart this time I went into her going
like give me some like 14% this is for
whatever this or that goddamn Kevin
Smith shit
he gets obliterated all day Jamie
Kennedy had a great show yeah that Jamie
Kennedy experience experiment is that
what it was
experiment yeah that was a great fucking
show he'd had some whole life how about
the ones we talked those guys their own
to be engage hip and ales dancers
remember did some good stuff man we
liked that what it was guys gone nuts
yeah it was like he was a sleazy
producer and he was telling these guys
they were gonna be in this new show
called guys gone nuts
and then eventually it got further down
the line he made him dance and stuff but
then eventually got further down the
line
they were gonna have to do gay stuff and
they were like he was getting them on
myself saying how much gay stuff it was
it was ridiculous and he's this sleazy
promoter treating them like they're you
know male prostitutes it's very funny
it's very funny it's another one that's
real these are not acting everybody got
Holtzman to wipe his feet no I don't
like her deep breath somebody got an
actor for it no no no all's been no idea
this was happening yeah he wiped the
guy's feet because he thought she was
like in my country is supposed to wipe
some of his feet we used to open mics
with that oh my god so Holzman didn't
know yeah
just for full makeup the accent the
makeups amazing and then he's wiping his
feet and then he's just like wow those
guys who put that crazy latex shit on
your face when they can give you a fake
nose and fake cheeks like you can't tell
you can't tell especially not someone
with vision problems yeah
for that I'm looking for it yeah you
ever hear that Jim Carrey after yeah the
moon no he got those people that did the
makeup for him to look like Andy Kaufman
Kaufman M zmuda right Tony Clifton right
yeah yeah he got them to make him up as
whatever and that the rumor is that I
heard so well obviously have no idea
I love put us put him up in just makeup
and then he drove a cab around and drove
fares around just so we could hear what
people actually sign when they don't
know it's Jim Carrey in the room oh wow
yeah yeah I could see when you become
someone like Jim Carrey it's gotta be
weird as fuck you probably wanted to go
anywhere vacation with a fake face yeah
yeah if it was real easy to do who
didn't take hours to apply yeah you
probably want to do that just to see
everybody treats you just be normal
oh yeah that's great what a good idea
especially if you're that big you can't
go anywhere in the world well he's also
now he's become some new thing right
psychedelic yeah it's not really a an
actor anymore he paints and talks about
things and he's in decided Alex way in
like everything he talks about is like
he doesn't mention the psychedelics
stuff he's in that new Sonic the
Hedgehog movie I saw stuff TV show
recently - what is it side to hedgehogs
your voice is a bad guy no he's a human
yeah yeah oh oh so it's a live movie
yeah I got it okay controversy but
trailers came up to that swath and he
was on a TV show like yours owners mad
that's a movie they were mad yeah
of course they can't be happy that
they're making Sonic into a movie and
getting Jim Carrey one of the biggest
actors in the world they're taking it
seriously yeah okay when when would the
Nerds be okay
when they hear movies coming out they're
never okay with anything Batman the
first Batman with Michael Keaton they
were I don't I remember we're happy when
there was one of the biggest controversy
I ever heard about a role was when they
were gonna have Tom Cruise play in
interview of the vampire
really yeah when he was the lead who's
Lestat why cuz Yeah right look Anne Rice
did not want Tom Cruise to play Lestat
this is like this super intense
character and these excellent books
you've read those books uh-huh they're
very good um and she you know had this
vision for what her vampire King
character was like that what she want in
the vampire she wanted someone who's
just more depth and intelligence and
just someone who had more layers and she
felt like Tom Cruise is like Top Gun you
know I mean yeah he's like color of
money but that little crazy fuckin act
his ass off was he can act his fuckin
ass off and he was really good in that
movie I mean he fuckin nailed it like
when he's like an angry vampire in that
movie and he's yelling at that little
girl you like holy shit like I'm buying
this madness he was excellent
he's good for a long time he's good he's
fuckin he's crazy as fuck but he's great
yeah he's got to be you know wondered
sinker sinker with the fucking sci-fi
reality but but his that's what it is
yeah but his acting is fucking still he
can go for it man he knows um that those
thought was that edge of tomorrow
it was run over again people already
given up on for the movie or two before
and then that movie came out nobody saw
it but he was
oh fucking good so good that movie is so
good it's one of the most underrated
star the same day over and over again
and every time I'd be like no because
they would do this and then they would
cover that but yeah oh yeah okay right
yeah it's amazing I've been on rabbit
holes for YouTube I've been on a rabbit
hole of groundhog day so I came thing of
living the same day over and over again
and one of them was how long did Bill
Murray spend day after day it was a
total amount of time what was it they
think it's a wrap because they were like
it's death he had to do this many times
it's right you know bowling a perfect
game all these different things they
said about 30 years whoa living the same
day over and over again you don't I used
to think yeah and then you would do
everything yeah as I was getting older
one of the things I have thought I was
like why don't why do I have this
expectation that at some point in time a
person stops learning and growing like I
never expected people in their 60s like
being better people and learning more
they're done and yeah they're done
whoever that guy is he's done because
people do stop right but but but why so
my thought was like why do I have these
expectations for people instead of just
being open-minded I almost assumed hit a
certain age they're fucking done they
throw in the towel but I didn't meet
some people who don't do that right who
were like taking an art class somebody's
mom or grandmother that's like oh I'm
learning archery it's like well that's
cool when Bourdain was 58 and he started
getting seriously fucking in did you
just like seriously look at you
motherfucker I love it well that's how
you mean like love it went flake taken
lessons do private lessons every day for
an hour and then training and rolling
with people for an hour every day
oh really seven days a week like heroin
like how he was it used to be addicted
to heroin he got addicted to jujitsu all
in a six-pack got really act dude
jacked there's a picture I'm walking
down the street in in Italy full-on
six-pack yeah I mean you're looking like
this is the guy that I used to know that
was on high he was on high cholesterol
medication he was on statins
because of his diet cuz he's on the road
drinking wine eatin fuckin this and that
and fatty foods and a lot of sugar
and just drinking whatever the fuck he
wants right yeah and then he's and he
got fat you know I'm not fat like a big
fat guy but he definitely developed like
a little belly then boom yeah yeah
that's what I'm saying it looks like Dan
Bilzerian dude he got in jiu-jitsu and
completely transformed his body lost all
the weight stopped eating sugar started
eating and stopped eating carbs started
eating really healthy cut way back on
the drinking and developed a goddamn
legitimate six-pack super healthy he's
gonna live forever I think that's a nine
that's a seven pack that bottom one is a
solid one yeah all right so you got one
two three four five six seven it's a
seven package if you've always liked to
say eight pack but I don't ever see a
separation in that bottom one to try to
be like some kind of turtle person you
know yeah it's like the tan line point
is like the dude transformed his fucking
body completely strung a lot of dick
route there though I'm not happy but I
mean it's low up I think about those
shorts like 20 pounds ago no maybe it
could be that where'd you get that ball
um who brought that in Oh David Duke yes
David Duke is a let's weigh champion
he's he fights in the most brutal form
of stand-up striking with a headbutt and
they really soccer pick each other on
the way down and where do you get that
Thailand probably he got it or Burma and
I think it was Myanmar Myanmar Burma yes
yeah dude they play these games he
showed us the volleyball game yeah yeah
oh my god they they get above the net
with the rest of your leg
yeah it's and they play first of all
barefoot most of the time mm-hmm
I saw a guy play a one on three for
money oh my god he was like amazing good
yeah
and these other guys were just like
laughing about it they were trying to
like fuck he was spiking it spike sit
down with his foot yeah that's my second
day in Yangon you're seeing this stuff
like how are they doing this and
barefoot on concrete I've seen it only
on a dirt floor that they're a barefoot
that's a lot of dirt Wow
it's nuts that is crazy it's so cool
it's one of the coolest kids I've ever
seen well and they keep it going to have
circles where they just get going and
like yeah they do the kick this way I
mean I'm sure you talked about it they
did this is fine I get that but
when it goes over your head doing this
yeah hit this straight and go how to pop
it right back up right I've tried it a
hundred times at best I can do is kick
it that way I think it's one of those
things that if your body doesn't develop
throwing your legs around like that yeah
it's really fuck that was the thing
about Taekwondo like when I was teaching
you would get people that were like in
their 30s it was really hard for them to
learn it really hard for them to get
good you know they can like whip their
leg around but if you get those little
kids when they're like five and six no
teach them how to whip their legs into
things
yeah here they go oh my god they're so
good verse three oh that's a one well I
don't know if it's the one you saw by
this is it yeah you can use your head
one verse three guy well this seems like
these guys are fucking it up well
they're also Americans know they know
there are Americans that are trying to
play they're playing good God look at
him oh he fucked up oh you fucked up
loser dork helmet no it's a bandana this
is a wild game though man very oh my god
haha you got beat and you're not better
than everyone yeah stupid
killer game yeah oh man if you can learn
that how to whip your legs around like
that when you're like eight or nine
years old as you get older you'll you'll
maintain that sort of leg dexterity yeah
I sent one of those back I have one of
those in my apartment oh really
yeah I sent it back I took it from from
Myanmar to Thailand and then I was like
I need to send this to myself back in
Iraq yeah and they're like I can get it
done in two days I'm like no I don't
need it there I like slower than that
that's cheaper they were like I mean a
week I'm like you do it up I'm in no
rush
I won't be there for like months like we
get you in three months for like four
dollars and I'm like yep that's the one
no rush that's the deal three months for
it was like so slow who's my mule or
something and I was like I'm not there
so don't had somebody muled it away and
I mule meaning someone stuff in there
the whole fucking box
it's a weird game it's that's one where
like you need a certain specific kind of
athleticism yeah like someone is an
outstanding basketball player or a
football player you're not gonna be good
at that right that's not just pure
athleticism that's a weird leg dexterity
skill oh my god
do it I mean they think about like what
I can throw a lot of crazy kicks I can't
do what those guys are doing no I don't
know how to do that I can kick over my
head I could do a split really go on a
wild shit still look at kicking fool
yeah yeah you'd have to learn how to
jump up and you're you whipping down
your leg up but it's up and I think you
know it'd be crazy flexible too it looks
like you got to be crazy flexible like
I'm watching their legs fly up there's
no resistance at all how's people have a
lot of resistance when you try to lift
your leg up they're doing it all the
time all the time yeah what are you
doing you're not special I don't think
I'm thinking about it
good I'm right now just riding yeah just
enjoying performing and when I get the
bug when it feels like moons is there I
wanna you know I was thinking about I
actually talked about this with Malcolm
Gladwell in the last podcast I was
talking I was quoting Jeselnik the
Jeselnik he has a three year process he
does it in the clubs just around LA
develops an hour worker and then he
takes it on the road for in clubs and
then he takes it on the road the next
year in theater so it's a three year
process right that might be the way to
go yeah Louie had that with but not in
the three year just like in the was
doing I'm like you know he's doing for
months yeah he was doing he was doing a
new special in a year yeah which I guess
you could if that's all you did and you
just really dug into it but I think
things need time to cook also I find
there some times where it's like I want
to tell a lot in New York he's like the
best I was just saying that to Malcolm
Gladwell to really he was the guy that I
said if there's one person who's like at
a super elite level where he doesn't get
enough love it's Dave Attell and it's
like you see him on a regular basis
being like Jesus he's just on another
level above even the highest level
people yeah super dedicated to only his
craft yeah he has zero
motion in him yeah and so when he does a
he has a topical bit he's not thinking
like well on time to work on this for
three weeks until people don't know the
reference anymore right because I got to
work on a special he's not thinking that
way he's like oh I got three weeks with
this fucking topic right so he hits a
harder than anybody and then when it
people like starting to like lose the
memory of the of the topic he's just
moves on yeah
but he's having fun though right and
like doing new cool things
he's also guy says the best example
somebody got better when they got sober
yeah yeah the best example right nobody
else does right everybody else gets
sober and then they get serious it's
like oh come on yeah exactly think
anymore come on that's a beautiful thing
about podcasts - one of the beautiful
things is that you don't have to like
ideas that you have that aren't funny
you don't have to bring them to this day
just fine on podcast yeah yeah they fit
for that yeah because remember there was
like a point in time after Hicks where a
lot of people were trying to do bits on
stage that meant something yeah you see
them doing that you're like okay it's
fine if you have that but like I just
always feel like that's like why you're
not being funny why are you pushing that
right and the other Hicks did it and
honestly I don't I have the same problem
with him hey how dare you it's just like
it's so much not funny
but but a lot funny to men a lot funny
yes a funny shit and you got to also
take it in the context of the time right
if you were alive back then and watching
it back then it would be really funny
shit you know when I saw him was like 90
yeah you got to put in context at the
time I never got it really well I saw
him in like the first time I saw him was
like 88 but were you laughing when you
heard it or were you just like whoa yeah
right on man
both okay both I was laughing and I was
saying wow this guy's he's out there you
know he was like railing against
capitalism and fucking Tiffani in the
mall with Jimi Hendrix yeah that's crazy
bit like Tiffani like think I'm alone
now running into Jimmy Hendrix at the
mall you know he just had all these like
counterculture bits yeah you know a lot
of it was mocking ridiculous trends in
American culture he just had some very
very
YOUnique takes on things that didn't
necessarily fit with our idea what we
thought comedy was like you never
thought oh yeah that's you make comedy
out of that too and he that's what he
would do so he was like making comedy
out of like weird ideas like anti-war
ideas and he was doing stuff that other
people weren't doing and it changed
people's opinion a comedy because there
was something about when Hicks
would go onstage you would feel like why
Richard Jeni said this to me well
Richard Jeni back then was the master he
was Brewin he said every time I see him
I say why don't I write more she liked
that that's what Jenny said to me well
after he saw Hicks he's always think why
don't I write things because he was so
deep Hickson and various jenny was just
funny he was just writing funny things
he was just that weird when some master
looks at somebody else I'm stuck
tomorrow I can't ever be more like that
it's a dam you're not happy well jenny
was never had oh yeah good point he was
a guy that for whatever reason thought
that he had to be like Seinfeld with the
television show or Jim Carrey with the
movie career he had to be that and he
was like the most probably
underappreciated stand-up in my opinion
one of the most underappreciated ones
ever but definitely from his era yeah
meanwhile he has all these specials that
you can go watch watch how good the guy
was and when I saw him live again in the
context of the time cuz I saw him live
in like first yeah first time I saw was
88 but I saw him a bunch of times but I
saw him murder at the Comedy Works in
Montreal oh you know that room is like a
hundred people max right oh that place
honey ass room upstairs he lit that
fucking place on fire and I remember he
was doing it he was doing a bit about a
some guy trying to sell him a car of
some car salesman selling him a car and
I was like this is like the most
standard bla premise how could he
extract so much comedy out of someone
selling him a car but it was like a
murderous bitch just crushing just punch
line after punch line bang bang bang
like fuck but again it's like I've said
this so many times about him you gotta
be there in that moment stand up on TV
is maybe 60% as funny as it is when
you're seeing it live maybe that's why
people go war they're laughing cuz
they're there it's funnier
it's funnier when you're there right
comedy club is the funniest theatre
second arenas arena just gets crazy the
arenas are weird it's like you're
laughing but it's also like wow fuck it
people are here there's like this weird
feeling to it there's an extra energy to
it yeah watching it show you if you
watch Richard Jeni today you know I
didn't think it was that funny listen to
me
weird you have to be the room and second
of all we're in 2019
right this is 1990 right Wow almost 39
years I mean the first time I watched
him was I think it was 92 or 93 on on
stage at the comedy works but the first
time I saw him physically I was an open
mic er that was in 88 I paid to see him
at catch a rising star in Cambridge
hello and I was a half-filled room it's
like a Thursday night you know he was
like a guy who'd been on The Tonight
Show and I knew him cuz he had been on
The Tonight comic and I was a comic I
was you know maybe a weekend or
something like that yeah and I paid to
go see him and me and my friends hat in
the front row and he made fun of me
it was excellent but he was great he was
great and he was like so casual and
loose with like punchlines and I
remember thinking god damn like this
fucking guy he's got it made he's just
traveling around the country doing
stand-up but he didn't think that way he
wanted to be as I know where a movie
star he's looking at people and you're
like you know you would have killed for
your life and you're upset about it
right now I killed for like 20 years ago
oh my god I mean forever dude what I
wanted to do from the time I was a
beginner in 1988 was I wanted to make a
living doing comedy yeah that's about
everything's gravy everything's exactly
it's gravy yeah listen I've lived in a
shitty apartment the only thing that
sucks about shitty apartments is bugs
and crime roommates that's it you get
used to everything you do it's fine it's
really fine it takes like a week and
they used to it prison may be a little
different everybody we're all different
but if you got freedom if you're in a
place as long as you're not your life's
not being threatened and your fucking
things aren't getting stolen all that
other stuff was mostly bullshit if your
house has two bedrooms or four bedrooms
you get used to it get used to
everything man $88,000 theory everything
over $88,000 doesn't yeah it does not
improve you're happy
your might happiness doesn't prove with
more money up to 88,000 that makes and
then it's like a new Lamborghini gives
you the same happiness as a new you know
BMW Honda probably the thing about the
Lamborghinis you can't leave it anywhere
you know that's the thing about those if
you got a stupid car like that you don't
just pull it up to the mall and park
anywhere you now you feel weird you know
I think that the thing was to get a
lever I was driving down the highway and
this guy had a Lamborghini in his
driveway but he didn't have it in his
garage he just had it parked in his
driveway and it was kind of like
sticking out in the street people are
whizzing by a wham wam in Malibu yeah
I'm like what a weird thing Malibu is
were these houses that are on the
fucking highway like on the Pacific
Coast Highway it's a highway yeah and
there's a door that's five feet from a
speeding car yeah I don't have to get
the car into those driveways do they
barely get in there without dying then
how did they get out flying by Wow yeah
60 in there and they're just turned off
yeah and there's a ton of bars on that
fucking road oh yeah that straight at
all I mean you have never driven to have
allegedly known the drone ever you've
never driven drunk on that Street
when you see cars coming right Mel
Gibson's he set the tone in his
footsteps
that's he wanted a crazy anti-jew rant
right are you sure did mmm none of us
cared
I chose we thought it was funny well
it's just the worst one was the the
voicemails that the wife brought up the
one who saw mark yeah that was shut up
and blow me she fell no I didn't want to
support her ability to do that how does
she do that
how are you allowed to do that there
would be record someone's voicemails and
then play it on the Internet
yeah that she'd be like really illegal
especially if you're married to Mel
Gibson you know and he's drinking even
my hobby he's a fucking nice guy man I
met him at home with dr. Neil Riordan
talk about stem cells stem cells like
severely helped his father his father's
Oscar my wife's doctor come a blow job
whoa
I don't think that was on the tapes okay
it's like blaming the Jews is a weird
one it is a weird weird one it's all
mostly so antiquated it's a when you
when you that's your go-to things to
blame the Jews yeah taking our jobs is a
lot more obvious but what jobs I know I
know that not the right but it's more
like I don't agree we back it okay I can
see it but the Jews it really is a
throwback thing right it's a weird one
it's a weird one because the the it's
almost always there's some sort of
intoxicant or some sort of a
psychological issue yeah it's always
like when your when your default is go
to the Jews because how much has the
Jews had an impact on your life like I'm
not saying that some people haven't had
bad situations with people that happen
to be Jewish but I want to know like if
we could have a chart to show all the
people that rally against the Jews find
out how many Jewish people have actually
had a negative impact on your life
what did what is the numbers pretty
goddamn low Mel Gibson would be like the
Jews are the ones who were taking holy
my money back that the producers is that
what he would say maybe cuz I'm saying
that's what the Jews he's come in
contact with didn't he told the Jews it
was at Christ and I think like some
ungodly sum of money I think he did that
on a ballsy move though I think one of
the things he did was he took ownership
of the film so he financed it passion
project yeah yeah yeah I felt he I think
I think that's the case if I remember
correctly The Passion of the Christ
he's a very religious guy and his father
is - was - yeah right very right yeah
not Catholic oh okay no no no I'm
thinking of Schwarzenegger Austria yeah
baby yeah I don't think he has Nazi
roots either but maybe someone in the
family some was that guy's dad dad
grandfather dad yeah somebody meant
might had some questions about the
Holocaust Mel Gibson someone's family I
don't know whose family it was I
remember something I don't remember what
it was but he
so when who made Passion of Christ yeah
he like said look this means a lot to me
I want to do this movie I'm gonna just
pump it to any IDE all that loot from
Braveheart he put his own money in
pretty sure it said the case
it's a production company spent 30
million to produce wow that's a lot of
money it's a big that's more than
spending on Ari Shaffir jus taping
February 8th to the Skirball Center in
New York at tickets are re the great
calm right now
what's a smooth segue are you doing sets
in town the week of that you're doing
that yeah probably do other material
those those notes oh really
you wouldn't want to run the set like
constantly been running it out for so
long not so many times that's a good
yeah it's just in groove I did it last
night at the store that was like three
days I was like hey give me a belly room
or and she was like I ever made was like
whatever I'll be fifty people in there
yeah so yeah I'm just running the shit
out of it all the time
beautiful yes nice that's a good place
to be where you just have it down yeah
yeah that's nice the Skirball is a good
place to what we talked about it we're
like some of these synagogues were like
I was back in bending over too much to
like make it work in a synagogue you
look cool this was there and was worried
about the sound
yes worried about thus the height of the
ceilings this place was massive yeah
beautiful synagogue and filter oh but
anyway after agonizing over they came
back a week later but you don't want you
to do it didn't even matter like yeah
they probably googled you wolf shot
there she said there were good shows she
really liked that place Oh at the
synagogue no no yeah yeah so I'm excited
I'm really excited about yeah this girl
balls legit that's a that's a spot that
a lot of people perform at yes that's a
time-tested spot you don't have to worry
about that part of it cool part of town
to doing something on a synagogue man
like who knows what's gonna work what
kind of sound you're gonna have what
kind of echoes are gonna be the people
gonna get in the audience is gonna be
weird when it comes through on the
television is worth it was it worth it
it's right that's what I had to agonize
over is it worth what percentage worse
might this be the laughter versus what
do I gain from look to the things you
talked about that anything are very
important ones to do it in New York I
think that's huge
it's a gigantic Jewish community the
it's where the Jews in America yeah
Boston is like maybe second but not as
prominent New York is where it's at
yeah and then on top of that like that's
where you perform most of the time you
to snowy's audiences yeah yeah and the
Skirball dude come on man you can't go
wrong there
yeah I'm pretty excited about it
perfect it's because the theme like it
is Suffolk once you get past with the
theme is people just want to hear the
material it doesn't matter if you're in
a synagogue okay so that's what I did
yeah but that's what I did with this
thing so I was like I'm gonna work out
all the shit this theme stuff in clubs
in New York and LA you know just regular
club sets fun right follow big J you
know talking about some relationship in
the crowd or follow some Bobby lead
doing whatever right and then just like
I'll just do this and it has to be as
funny as those guys yeah with the theme
that's make people like not notice a
theme yeah yeah and then be stand-up
yeah it's just stand up and then that
theme is on top of it but since it is
that it's like oh yeah that's awesome so
yeah I've never well material di no you
haven't
how much material do you have outside of
it a year ago at Edinboro a year in
three months or something like that I
didn't had on show after my last few
shows we're done was sold out that we
did an add-on show in a tent and I was
like this will be the next specials
material
I just ran all my love because I the
problem is I go crazy with just this
theme shirt mm-hmm like it it's like
annoying after a while
right you don't want to talk about one
subject well you also get like you know
bits come because you get like your mind
pops off you see something so you almost
got picking shit out of his ass you know
and this is a bit you know or that
ladies on Sunset every comment gotten at
the store had a bit about that lady
dancing in the street on Sunset because
they all felt like they just saw her
even though she was posted up there
things make your mind pop off so I still
had that and I'm like well I got to do
this for a week you know or two or
something and just get rid of that you
know and then when I'm done like are I
expressed myself she'll like that then I
get back to the material mm-hmm so
November what what's the date February
8th and it's already great calm are they
great calm yeah yeah so it's available
right now right now I'm telling
everybody right now today that's why I
came out to fucking LA dawn dawn dawn
yeah February 8th that what you said
February Manhattan New York
beautiful that's plenty of time you
folks get your shit together you should
have get it make your plans don't dough
sorry as payback either you know that
you're plotting
I know we do right before a special
switches water ball
I'd be crazy to get the exact same water
bottle switch like an old spy are you
and Buerkle did everything yeah we're
all right that's right yeah we're flush
yeah that's the tough month yeah there's
a rough one I got weird yeah yeah yeah I
think the lesson is don't
does anybody but yeah that's definitely
the lesson you know but I mean
definitely do your free drugs to people
but but on only if they ask for it yeah
it's more trouble than I thought a bit
yeah taking consideration he's on
medication either like that's the big
consideration yeah there's a bunch of
issues there
oh well everything worked out I'm just
never allowed in his home against his
newfound zest for life yes giving him
this about that promo
what drugs you've been on since the UH
since was just pot just pot yeah I was
anything oh yeah booze
yeah booze and pot yeah Figg me too
no no I took some Molly a little bit mmm
just a little bit yeah
there's a dance-off but that's it how do
you feel I feel good yeah me too but I
felt good sober too yeah me too
I enjoyed it how do you feel being sober
for the month I died enjoy it I enjoy
that there's no choice like sometimes I
wanted a glass of wine with a steak yeah
but the reality is doesn't matter I
don't really need it doesn't difference
but like yeah no you don't need ism you
can enjoy the things out of life like we
smoked here but it's like we don't have
any pots like it's alright so the
podcast yeah but really liked it yeah we
liked it too
the thing about alcohol though versus
pot is you pay a price yeah but you
probably pay off right so wine or two
beers no you pay a small price for a
glass of wine or two beers
small price it's very small you might
not notice it maybe it's a quarter worth
it but if you have like three drinks you
pay a few dollars you lose you're gonna
lose a feeling you're gonna lose a step
yeah it's a fact it's a fact if you get
hammered if you put you drink like seven
eight drinks you get drunk
the next day you're gonna feel like shit
you know yeah well that's true but also
that day if you're with friends drinking
all feels really good have you worth it
yeah have a good time your friends
getting a little loopy yeah it's good
point that's why I miss it the most not
in moments I didn't miss the drug I
missed the drug enhancing a moment that
should have been Yankee games my brother
coming to town a glass of wine at an
Italian meal you know where it's like
yeah they wonder what's a happy Italian
meal it's like oh yeah wine would be
great here yeah for sure yeah it's like
it's a technology they figured out how
to alter your state predictably you know
a small glass of liquid it's pretty
great it's pretty amazing yeah the first
few days I was struggling
that's a spy locked cabinets of like
liquor at hotels in picanha but it's
like everything else right so you can
abuse virtually everything that
everybody enjoys whether its food or sex
or anything or electronics or anything
television there's some people that
watch television 12 fucking hours a day
so just sit in front of TV and watch TV
all day what do you do to limit yourself
on there on TV no on that fuckin stupid
thing I've been really good with it
lately what I mostly do is the one thing
that I do trick myself with like I said
is those google stories I read too many
I read news stories then a wine I'm
reading like scientific stories about
like fucking space and all these
different things a because it's
interesting and too because I'm getting
to look at my phone
so it's like I'm tricking myself into
saying oh this is but this is a crucial
information I need to have like I could
also because of the feeling I need to
check this and yes
yeah banned for three days Instagram for
something should happen he said during
that time he was banned where he's like
oh I'm banned sure he checked his phone
like 72 times check his Instagram little
bit like he's just reflexively we end up
going because the lights and colors or
what I don't know but it's not good for
you the parental control it shuts it off
after I use it for an hour whatever you
want to set it to you know my girlfriend
put the code on there yeah so I can't I
can't override it yeah you know even mo
if I need to if I need to promote
something big I'm going to be on there
all day I would tell her take it off but
like although it's mostly here now it
says you got five minutes left if you
got to make a post about a show do it
fucking now right and then you're done
then it's over yeah and so it's like and
then I end up using it a little less
because I don't wanna waste that
in case let's say I want to push
something later right or I want to get
on there you know so I want to save some
time and then I end up only using it for
like whatever but I need that parental
control it's very rare that I really do
need to answer emails on my phone rarely
and you do it an hour a day and just get
it all done or doing on your computer
only the only time it's like say if you
were in the middle of a deal like you're
about to sign a deal for your special
and you going back and forth and all the
Skirball the Skirball february 8th it's
called sorry the great calm but if you
were gonna do that like that kind of
makes sense you would check your phone
during the day right if you have the
time most the time no I check it in the
morning just to make sure it's not some
nonsense that I forgot to have to do
during the day and then I try not to
check my email at all until I start
doing podcast ads ok so one thing I
would say for that is what I like is not
checking it for the first and I fail
first hour or two of the day that's good
that's my best so my phone don't even
look and I set a time of 11 or 12 if I
wake up at 9 or 10 great look up 1130
whatever but like until 12:00 like don't
touch it you know my favorite thing to
do and I've only done this a couple of
times legitimately is don't look at my
phone at all and go right to yoga class
great and then your mind race if your
mind's racing it's oh it's a whole night
before I even see ya the whole night
instead of back bogging it down and like
does this deal sound good for this club
and what do you think for t-shirts it's
just like just let your mind wander
weren't supposed to no one else but hi
it's fun for you at high as fuck don't
look at your phone get high as fuck
before yoga you come out of there a
different person from another dimension
a different hole in the time-space
continuum you'll just drop out of there
Boop you start thinking change your
universe life you ever space out when
you're doing like a background you're
back thing and then all of a sudden
you're like you come to like not not
asleep how long was I out
yeah you can get zoned out man you're
messing with your consciousness when
you're doing that you're holding those
poses and breathing you're messing with
your consciousness and I say that in a
good way they did a new Netflix special
about that
Bikram guy really yeah I haven't seen it
but I saw those ads a lot of people are
changing the name of the class I know
the one I went to two years ago
they just call it a hot yo yeah she was
like yeah shoot nobody wants to be
associate with that they're hippies I
got this full rapist he definitely has
some issues why would that rape those
women I know what movement would pay a
million dollars for one drop of my was
your of my serum yeah why rape one drop
of my sperm yogi guru predator I like is
a bunch of Rolls Royces that's my
favorite part he he does yoga with a
Rolex on hollow do you think that's on
his card yogi guru predator now it is
now bro now they probably put it on that
he's a fuckin character man in the worst
way possible but he's definitely a
character
he's a thing man when when you're around
a bunch these freaky people nervous
I'll see that movie when you're around
touch these freaky people and
everybody's half naked and you know
you're the guy who's the one to teach
them how to do yoga yeah you're the
master you get to fuck dude isn't it
weird when you see somebody who went all
in with yoga oh yeah it's like they
shave their head the only where the Oh
keep it's like that is their being but
if that's what me what I start wearing
yoga pants everywhere Oh Joey yoga Joe
oh wow where do you wear a fanny pack
what would be the problem the more
different world than yoga Joe what would
a Bikram t-shirt on if you're allowed to
wear a bee cream t-shirt you gotta wear
it now right so it's but I think the
specials out this Netflix documentary I
think it's out is that the new status
but don't know about it yeah really or
abroad that's after Paul Rudd they just
went right to Bikram one drop of my
sperm
we've been spend 1 million dollar we're
like show me one woman who spent a
million dollars in sperm you'll get one
drop yet for a million it was a whole
load I know someone who runs a yoga
studio and that was the fucking final
nail in the coffin when he said that
yeah one drop off my sperm like alright
changing the name but I think back when
he started getting crazy right
how old is he now 7 8 8 is that whole
he's probably pretty fucking all
reported back when he first came here in
the 80s and they're like doing you
remember girls wear like scrunchie socks
and it was you remember like they were
like Olivia newton-john let's get
physical let's get physical girls taken
there
taking aerobics classes buying those
Reeboks aerobics shoes with the velcro
everybody had a little the socks had a
little poufy ball no that's right a
little poufy ball at the sock not about
that
that was when good that are just
slinging so he came over here from India
shorts with leggings underneath oh
that's right that's right colored
leggings yep so he came over here from
India and started teaching and just let
Neos snake out of the basket whoo to
make like Indian music sounds and say he
took the snake out of the basket
insinuating his cock but yet he's a
snake charmer definitely got joke wise
you got two levels you know joke wise
you're clean yeah it's okay yeah but at
Fort fuck structures great is it racist
because that's because I make the noise
too because if you say something about
someone from China anyway oh my god
you're racist okay well well definitely
I would say there is an argument for
racist
see how valid that argument is yeah
maybe you could smoke you could go in on
me oh yeah yeah if you were really woke
you can take a swing looks like yo know
who have fucking that's the woke swing
you know who fucking never never get
stood up for its fat white guys I know
you can shit on fat white guys they're
not even human
nobody gives a fuck about the way they
feel those me but I would say please do
are you talking about Burt No what stuff
he's not fat anymore he's not a beast
anymore he lost a lot of weight just
overweight he lost a lot of a lot of
ways looks good yeah that's very good
hey there's only one guy you know it
isn't the hope good Tom did you say Tom
no I heard you say Tom I didn't say Tom
well I was it looks fine to me
oh yeah Wow bet Bert's winning now yeah
well I told Burt if it makes 205 he gets
the belt yeah I textile at any point I
text anytime I text them two weeks out I
go you're gonna make the weight is like
hoping on the road I'll come up pussy
how much do you weigh I go do this guys
who weigh 235 on Tuesday and they fight
on Saturday at 205 now you can cut that
they cut the weight yeah I would love to
see the fucking fool no no this guy was
this is a wrestler that guys very good
granting in a ring I think he's in
Australia what's your ranting about he's
like look big J's in the background
hulking shit to the crowd like for those
that are watching you can't see this but
they're like just 10 15 to the end here
what's happening he's teased me in the
heel he's great
what is he there's a guy that yells out
he calls him Tom Segura
oh it does I'm sorry too fucked up no
sorry I play it back my fight will find
it alright yeah no I enjoy your failure
here oh hey girl rapid random rule that
might not have actually been said it
sounds like someone inserted that sound
oh maybe I'm not buying it alright oh
yeah good point I know what they're
doing they found some guy doing that and
some some other guy yes that's me hear
that again play it again yeah I might be
right sounds like that's an echo a room
that sounds like I did in his bathroom
yeah his mom's like why are you
screaming at me in the wind
why are you screaming with Jimmy not
buying it there's no gimmicks no
gimmicks as well that'd be a good way to
do a good gimmick yeah it's not the law
is not strict on the no gimmicks claim
bro that's a lonely road right well
we're talking about the road of being a
stand-up and traveling and doing
stand-up being up a pro-wrestler that
nobody knows like trying to make it on
the circuit who like doing what that guy
was doing
yeah that's rough that's tough that's
rough coke Cabana he ever talk to him no
yeah he's like a legit wrestler wrestler
just on the road all the time it's hard
right yeah
is your friend Tommy still bowling
professionally no his legs are shot out
he if I'm polling from bowling yeah I
guess so Jesus Christ think we used to
be cavemen we used to be able to fight
off saber-tooth
tires nearing ranked fifth in the world
in bowling this how great stand-up is
right now he's like fifth in the world
and bowling and he made 35 grand that
year behind them yeah that always comes
up on reddit cuz that sign so um his
knees are shot from bowling I think so
I don't know what do you do that in
bowling that makes your knees go let's
see well here we go
bar that torque I think probably okay
yeah I guess right yeah that makes sense
if you twist harder you break torque are
but you're on those slides use your
shoes you slide in slide grip with your
yeah I do know that some pros are
playing do they like their 40s and 50s
it seems like slighty shoes wouldn't be
the way to go like if I didn't know
better
no you don't wanna stop short right but
I'm saying I do know that slider shoes
the way to go because the pros use them
not stupid but I would think that if you
had more grip
you could wing the ball harder oh I see
what you're saying I think it's that
movement that got going speed there's
like momentum and a whips yeah let's
watch some strikes they almost all says
it's arm injuries except for MCL like
just Colin bowling injuries throwing
this out yeah yeah do you know how many
fucking Marines are laughing right now
you fucking bowling you've been you've
been Afghanistan bruh have you been too
hard work planes over how to learn
that's a hard lane there's a lot of dips
my adepts they don't grease up the rails
you know they like the Carver balls will
carve a groove you got to find the
groove so he says so this how the
tournament works you play the whole week
and the top five going to the tournament
mm-hmm starts with fifth place fourth
the winner of that place third the
wonder that plays second wonder that
plays first for the championship so if
you're in first place for the week you
guys play one game
whoa if a lefty is in the fourth fifth
game if that left he wins he's already
set a groove that only he's gonna be in
whereas the righty has to use the other
guy's groove and so it's like he's not
set in his own then lefty will go all
the way and win Wow
yeah begin it's cuz the oil was because
they proved up that the fucking lane
their way exactly no one's worked it up
to righties like IRA but it's true for
six-year-olds that's what it is it's
like it's like pool if you only broke
the balls and people get mad at me how
could you sure put buoys to scale with a
rook think it's so angry 35 K for number
five yeah what are you hoping for just
shut your mouth it's a child's game they
have roommates on tour my ball is 15
pounds I'd like to see a six-year-old
throw away that they have roommates on
tour yeah the best guys have a roommate
for the week and they have two dude
there are bowling groupies that are
hideous every industry has a groupie and
the moles groupie is not great every
industry must have groupies yeah yeah
where they're like I know you from the
scene yeah even ones you would think no
fucking way
bowlers like you used to think no
fucking way for like guys who played
video games but major for shirt ninjas
getting his dick sucked Wow
right now yes for sure but there's other
guys that ricca-san for sure technically
your wife could suck your dick yeah I
know but she could do if she really
cares yeah I can do it really yeah it's
um there's a lot of money in it so once
there's a lot of money in something to
get groupies yeah under percent but not
even if it's just well you had pool
groupies didn't you did you have Lounge
Lizards and hung out there there was a
few really hardcore drug addicts that
would hang around the pool room and then
some like really lonely ladies and
there's a few girls who played pool and
they would hook up with guys - because I
saw like these guys are the best
yes yeah yeah yeah there was a few of
those girls who'd get really there would
be pool players maybe really into like
the pros they would hook up with the
pros University yeah yeah right and
they'd be like hang out waiting to like
score with ya that Tommy
neither man that the only thing that
saves pool is well there's subtle games
there's no there's some tournaments to
be played in America some but in other
countries there's a lot of money there's
big like they go to Qatar they play
billiards in China and you know you can
make like real money in tournaments out
there but you have to be like a Shane
Van boning or you know it's a deaf one
yeah yeah yeah he's top of the food
chain you have to be like him you know
there's a few of those guys Jason Shaw
there's a few of those guys that are
like just straight-up killers they could
travel the world and they're fucking
bitches all the time
I would imagine if you look in elite
pool player and you're a handsome fellow
you probably get a little tail get a few
players go to pool and you're the best
that's the thing about if you want to
eat anymore might be like yeah yes yes
yeah but like in the Philippines pools
huge Philippines is gel like there's
this guy Aaron Reyes he's probably the
greatest pool player of all time and
he's from the Philippines and that guy
is a star over there he does commercials
and all kinds of crazy shit everybody
knows them like people see him on the
street yeah it's like pick like a like
Tiger Woods
I got Tiger Woods is for golf and that's
how Efrain ray is is for pool Tiger
Woods goes anywhere people know who
Tiger Woods is people if Efrain goes
anywhere in the Philippines he does
commercials with Manny Pacquiao like in
Manny knows many actually plays really
good pool better than me he plays like
professional level pool yeah how come
you could say Filipinos or standardly
way better pool than us because of the
you can today America is clearly the
best comics in the world you can Corsica
Americans sometimes just as good and I
mean pool players are just as good like
van Bowen the top one but overall
overall Filipinos have a lot of great
pool players they have a lot of killers
but there's a lot of kills just Killers
over here - now there's killers from
Europe there's a lot of killers from
Europe pool yeah pools different but
would stand up get the fuck out yeah you
know what I think I think England it
came from like a theater and here it
came from like storytelling just like
campfire
well it came from a lot of variety shows
- like Lenny Bruce used to do is to do
stand up on between right yeah there'd
be like a ban would come out and like
you ever watch marvelous mrs. Mazal it
they have it that way like someone comes
out and they got an act they do some
kind of an act they have like a fucking
puppet act and they introduce the band
and then they introduce the band the
band will come play a song and then
Lenny Bruce would go on and do some
stand-up and I mean and then you know
that's that's how they did it back then
they didn't necessarily have comedy
clubs we talked about that yesterday
with the ice house that the ice house is
the oldest comedy club technically but
it really didn't become a full-time
comedy club until 1978 whereas the store
was the whole time in 72 yeah so they
were a full-time first what kept saying
it was older but it wasn't a customer
not really it was but it was a variety
show
they'd have magic and fucking bands and
all kinds of stuff yeah that's a said
one of Mitzi's biggest decisions was
going like we're going all comedy we're
not doing music comedy magic we're doing
all Konami was the lights out of your
mind she was the best
what a crazy loon thank God yeah we
needed her you need some jazz and people
oh my god you needed her yeah you needed
her to do it man I knew how to run a
fucking a comedy club
she let people fucking figure it out in
their own no just wanted you to kill she
just wanted you to develop and come
better just be better yes and then she'd
always find a good spot to put you in
the beginning she put you on early you
get it with a fresh crowd after a while
you develop a little promise she puts
you on after hard people and if she
liked you every set you're gonna go
after a murderer right every set you go
if she likes her doers murderers and
then she would give you advice that
wasn't funny thanks for the advice lady
Wow stop doing it man she throw me a gem
just tell me how much she loves me
yeah yeah just hear there man what are
like a fucking abusive parent and they
just give you a little bit I was you
know 27 years old and I expected it
going in I was happy just to talk to her
you got there when you were 27 yeah whoa
yeah 26 really I went through the first
time I when I was 26 yeah it was before
that show hardball I came out here with
Breuer he was on that show too yeah he
was
Breuer was
the mascot in the first episode yeah he
was a mascot of the opposing team the
the pide pide he had a fucking flute and
shit he got beat up by a giant baseball
that was our mascot it was really funny
Brewer but uh bruised fucking hilarious
still it sir he's hilarious but he was
out here with me
we were doing that pilot and it was like
I was like 93 somewhere around then yeah
93 yeah we came to the comedy store and
we're just sitting in the back of the
room watching that play I remember
thinking I can't believe I'm even here
can't believe this is really the Comedy
Store and then maybe six months later I
was out here living because the show got
picked up maybe not even six months
probably four months you know you do a
pilot pilot kit scene got picked up came
back did six episodes and there's just
hanging around the store whoa that's
when I got to meet Mitzi and she said
you can perform there
yeah I could be a non-paid regular first
time auditioned as a non paid regular
and no bullshit I was there every
fucking night I didn't have a life man I
had nowhere to go and I didn't have any
friends so all I would do was go to the
comedy store after work so I'd work all
day on the TV show I'd go home to my
shitty oakwoods apartment and when the
oakwoods apartments in Burbank you know
one of those ones with it's a pre
furnished apartment before people were
coming exactly and then somewhere around
episode three I'm such a fucking genius
I figured this show is gonna take off
I'm gonna get a lease so I got a lease
for a year an apartment in North
Hollywood a real apartment and then the
show got canceled immediately I was good
but it's good that I got that least
because I was gonna move back to New
York I did not like it yeah that's what
kept me I couldn't move I had already
spent in I don't remember how much it
was but I remember had a pool table in
the living room there was the number one
thing that I did I got a place that was
big enough for me to put a pool table in
the living room Jesus so that was my
prerequisite I'd walk out every
apartment at one two three four five six
seven eight nine that's five feet with
four on each side so it's a nine by five
right a good table is four and a half by
nine so you want to give yourself like
15 feet width and then you want to give
yourself a solid 20 feet length so you
measure out
five on the front five on the back so
you don't knock it with a stick in an
attic yeah
it looks for yep that's what I look for
wow that's great
that's like me when I go to places like
the smoking is allowed right pot and
they're like because I want to know now
or I'll just move on yeah yeah but I had
a neighbor they got mad that I was
playing pool
oh yeah I'm sure plywood late at night
threw up no no no he asked me to not do
it until they don't use the living room
because the floor was creaking and this
guy was like the superintendent of
building I want what I said so I'm walk
you don't like to be walking upstairs
and he said well you're walking around
the pool table when you're playing pool
I go what have I just walked you don't
be walking you told me not to walk in
the living room he walked like what kind
of floor is this like what do you here's
the floor that dude it was a carpeted
floor too wasn't like I was like I had
fucking cowboy boots and I was running
around on a hardwood floor stall it was
a regular he said the floor creaks and
it's annoying like wow what the fuck can
you please not walk that fucker in New
York that place was made out of
cardboard all right because I can hear
everything you do is like well what do
you I don't we're gonna tell you I'm
still gonna fuck I could hear the phone
ring and then I could hear the answering
machine go off and the person like I
could hear every fucking thing they said
and I didn't realize what a piece of
shit the house was until we got an
earthquake one day I was in the
apartment and if you've ever been in a
legit earthquake but this was like a 5.5
this was the it was really the
aftershocks of the big Northridge
earthquake oh man so this apartment I
mean it just goes like this it didn't do
anything that I thought it was gonna do
I felt like an earthquake would look
everything was shake yeah the movies it
started moving back and forth like the
like nuts of the apartment was made out
of a refrigerator box that was like like
if I was inside a refrigerator box and
you were outside comodo boozy
like that's what it was like the whole
thing was just moving the walls were
just moving I'm like this place is
better than nothing okay this is made of
the cardboard i remember thinking god
damn you're vulnerable when an
earthquake is when do you feel the first
one here just like
because you feel little ones all tied
feels like cars underneath you or how
overdue or so overdue they said that one
of the fault lines moved recently for
the first time in 500 years
dude this is also from Myanmar that
that's weed bro we don't know that's not
from that's from Gino all right it's
from LA speed weed son oh that's a Mike
Tyson joint actually really yeah as from
Tyson's we all yeah
they have those cigars like that there
yeah this is not a cigar okay no put you
on Pluto smoke that like it's like I
said he goes mom weed yeah he goes for
it he goes for it like you went for in
boxing that's what he that's what he
does with his weed speaking of weight
did you see this story about the NBA
player I got oh my god they suspended up
for 10 games because he had an incident
a medical edible marijuana incident team
playing conduct detrimental to the
season to the team
oh wait hour flight from Phoenix to LA -
oh my god that is the LA they suspended
him for 10 games I kind of think I was
looking the military they don't want him
on the team anymore either
Wow he's now I want to say the child
maker I don't know what he's doing but
genuine you just said he's a
troublemaker good without him and he's
owed twenty-four million dollars this
year it's a whole really they're trying
to box him out potentially it so it
sounds like you save the money on those
ten games till you don't have paying for
those ten maybe someone donated 182
million maybe some endo story people
haven't asked me all the time I was on
Halloween I went dancing I want having
fun you know and um and on the way out
and he recognized me and they were like
all right all right okay hey what's up
like okay we're all fucked up there's
like DOS me all right
[Laughter]
someday he'll be funny bro yeah we're at
the bar and some girl was there and I
was ordering a drink and then she just
goes like I said you had her beer just
like like that to me right now I'm
picturing Bert with headphones on
running somewhere on the road listening
to us right now so funny good
something will be funny birth someday
right now it's not funny but you're one
of the three of us is not obese just be
happy but fuck what the fuck
I'm not obese I'm just overweight no
you're now not obese you posted on
Instagram yes you were three pounds away
from not being obese and you went down
oh so ninety-eight is it what is obese
what's the number check out what's
hugging his height 4 foot 5 foot 4 and
I've way to his weight what five eight
to bum around 200 p.m. I calculator Oh
what you got time to look at that before
huh start drinking again
wow that's quick I got down to 195 195
there you go site does this sometimes it
doesn't change oh the government doesn't
want I know if I'm obese yeah
putting me at the age - oh that's don't
that doesn't make any sense why is it a
matter of the age yeah that's uh never
changes changed the height it's not I'm
not 510 and 5/8 and change the weight to
200 that's gonna be our base again I
want to see what that is calculate it
will be plus one wait - 121 - 164 that's
your ex has your age in there - no way
that's normal wait normal way for the
range is 121 - 164 what's just
overweight but he loaded one put in 187
I love this I'd love to be a my
calculator overweight oh wait 190 what
would you have to get to the or want
anything whenever 165 is gonna be
overweight anything over 165 no no I
want to see what it was in overweight
and obese is where that line put in 190
I think 190 means you got it okay one
90s I'm just overweight 195 come on
okay so 195 I'm good one ladies I got
down there that's where sobered is now
not always our hits the road is 197 197
if you get in 107 you are overweight
okay I'm overt has achieved I'm just
overweight I'm somewhere I fluctuate it
all depends on what time I weigh myself
to the morning just in the morning it's
easy for me to stay around 195 I could
do that right now
great well
I can pasta it up yeah you passed it up
it's just so hard to be consistent
like with workouts it's so hard to put
in like the real consistent fat burning
time there's some muscular though I
don't know how fucking how you lift all
that weight around I do it I force
myself yeah I know I understand
deterioration it comes with aging it's
very it's one of the most important
things for your health as you get older
to lift weights it's very important
muscle mass has some sort of there's
some sort of correlation between health
and muscle mass when you get older they
say that you should do some resistance
exercises and weight bearing exercises
just to keep your bone density and your
muscles strong yeah my thought is like
you're bigger yeah sorry boys yo use
this fucking thing why you got it cuz
you don't see a lot of seven year old
dudes that can work out hard right so
what's the point the point is like don't
work out hard when you're 50 so that
when you're 70 you you're still alive
like what is that oh well you like
working out I'm fucking going for it
yeah I'm going for it Ari
I like being exhausted makes me feel
better I like those 90 minute yoga
classes I like running hills
I like kickboxing I like G Jitsu I like
going hard I like going harder when I
can't go hard anymore yeah I'll stop
right now I can still go hard it's
amazing that we're friends because I
really enjoy the the not moving moving
to enjoy not moving but I've got caveman
genes dude there's this is something
inside me
I got a squash yeah you're like part
part wild well I try to be as nice as
possible but there's there's definitely
some shit in me especially for my my
childhood all my childhood I grew up
fighting in martial arts tournaments
that is not a good way for your brain to
develop with violent combat sports every
day the week I devote time you're 15 to
the time you're like 22 just that's not
good it's just you can do it with proper
guidance and become a nice person and
I'm not not down you can
but when your whole life is about
kicking people unconscious for years
it's only about that yeah and that's
what does also the time when you're
going through puberty that's also time
where you're learning about my art yeah
yeah yeah so for me it's like that that
door is always open you gotta throw
water on that fire all the time you
gotta get out there with the hose
everyday doesn't matter if you feel like
it or not just don't let that fire ever
just want to strangle somebody in like
life no no it's remarkably not I don't
know that's also cuz I do it all right
dude you Jitsu or lift a lot of weights
beat beat beat up the punch of my energy
bags probably but you don't even think
sometimes you're like as you pass
somebody cuts you off of traffic and
just like way too close you don't like
well someone was talking shit and
getting mean to me yeah it's very nice
to know that you could fuck people yeah
it's very nice to know it's very it's
very nice like if you see some guy like
some average body dude who thinks he's a
badass cuz he talks shit he's mean and
stupid and he might take a swing at you
and you see one of those guys it's very
good
that you are the one who gets to decide
what happens yeah and you could teach
someone a very very severe lesson and
let them know hey motherfucker know
there's people like me out here
I'll break both your arms and leave you
here that'd be so bad I'll just snap on
both crack crack
good luck well good luck fuckface hope
you don't lose them there's a lot of
mean people out there I'm a nice guy
nice yeah so if I run into a mean person
I want to be the one who gets to decide
if you're because I get I know I want to
be the one who gets to serve somebody
gets hurt
there's too many people out there
that'll just take sucker punches at
people and hurt people this I see it all
the time online right I'm sure you see
it there's so many videos of people
hating people and doing fucked-up things
to people for no reason
oh yeah sorry punches yeah knockout
videos too
did not tell her old lady there was
anybody was an old lady that was waiting
in line like a grocery store it's when
he punched her it was like knockout and
then punched her I don't remember it I
just remember a video of somebody some
kid hitting an old lady boys one person
takes it too far it was a horrible one
of some kids they knocked out this guy's
he was getting off of a subway I think
it was in Chicago and just crack this
guy and he fell face-first out cold on
the concrete bounced off the concrete I
was like oh my god and the guy was old -
it wasn't a healthy person like that is
something that can literally change the
rest of your fucking life these kids are
just doing it and laughing and jumping
on a train whoa yeah there was a lot of
people doing things like that for a
while
fuckin Harvard kids that's what it is
it's all those Yale fucks you know know
their money and their fucking fancy
grades they want to rebell they got
crack old people
I see people studying at NYU all the
time it's so weird
look at them in the library why is it
weird it's just like a different time of
your life okay like studying all the
time right and grind yeah it's just like
I don't know they're College it just
look like they have a whole world ahead
of them it just looks so fucking
enviable just learning well it is in
some ways but it's also like this is a
weird time to go to school you know yeah
my friends a teacher at a liberal arts
college whoo she's like people just
aren't very happy yeah
it's all about change and progress
social justice and you can't just have
like a fun time it has to be for a
reason why is what happened there what
happened to having an 80s night party
can't do that it's camp rotation no yeah
culturally appropriate I mean they had
to suffer with no internet that's right
we had fuckers but I mean just not in
terms like who they're offending but
just in terms of like they have to be
fighting against something and you know
it's a terrible existence are you
allowed to dress up as a civil war
soldier if you're from the north you
can't be a Confederate soldier are you
allowed to carry swords exact hearkens
something in harbin powers you can
definitely be a Union soldier right you
could be ulysses s grant that's another
I can see going both ways I could see
somebody going that reminds me of this
a war which is my slavery so that's
that's hurtful and someone else could be
like no I'm honoring the people who
fought for freedom and then they're like
then they could go back to why is it
only the white experience to be able to
fight for freedom do you realize that if
you went back in time you around the
Civil War you'd be a giant you just run
over people and stomp them because
they're all shorter but they're so tiny
I already had good food oh yeah in the
1860s I think the average size for a man
that was in the Army was like 125 pounds
well I could definitely be one of those
doctors
I'd be like cut it off have you tape
yeah those doctors had it made
nobody made it cut it off doctor it's a
bloody toe cut it enough a leg it could
get a disease or we could all die you
got these uh glass tubes glass tips you
put them on there or that's Paul they
came with it tallest average in the
world at the time was five seven right
during the Civil War for American man
third tallest average yeah was that mean
that means like the first average is
like six feet tall astute all estabiish
a verge tallest person third tallest was
five foot seven I understand what you
mean the average like if there's an
average what's the average the tallest
average height I got the peak what is it
is it six four five yeah average eyes
from all over to the year average for
the people that are alive so what year
would that be 1866 Civil War time period
the average is five seven does the third
highest third highest height average
that we've ever had no during that time
what do you mean that was thirds the
people that lived during that time
during 1866 that was a third highest
average average so if you had first
highest average like I mean first
highest average well the average height
of people what is the highest like four
so England couldn't hire those you can't
adjust like you have 30 like say if you
have you only have 90 people right yeah
just average 30 of them are six foot one
and above thirty of them are six foot
one two five foot ten thirty of them are
5 foot 7 foot test out that means the
univers are high
what are you choosing the 30 30 30 it's
just no no no tight right but the number
of humans the overall number of humans
see what I'm saying when I said that's
why I broke it down to 90 right so you
have three groups if you have 90 people
if it was a third highest average like
we're the third tallest in the world
they're even did she understand what I'm
saying all right hold on stop third
percentile is in the oven if we have 90
people if you earn 30 30 and 30 and 30
right if that's what you have okay then
that's obviously the third high you're
almost even in the numbers that are
represented by each individual category
of height so it's five ten to six foot
two is one group that's 30 people live
outside it because you 30 I'm just
saying this so you can understand what
the third highest percentage means it's
based on the number of overall people so
if there's 200 mm so as only three
percent n instead of 90 people let's say
there's 90 million people
okay well 30 million of them are 5 foot
6 foot percentage what we'd have to find
that out highest percentage was 5 foot 7
which means that out of these millions
of people that were alive back on top
the 3rd 3 hours at the lowest confusing
stat no fucking way you might be
confused on the word 3rd it's not a 1/3
it's third place yeah a place for
average male in America 37 that's why
you're not getting it where I split over
at 37th as of today Americans the United
States so right but you're talking about
the average height was that for America
in 1866 American soldiers were tall by
the standards at the time for a
mother-in-law yes country but people are
so tiny back then that third highest
height the third highest category was 5
foot 7 oh we were just the ranked third
country we were the third of all that
that's not right I'm confused on why you
guys are not going on the same page here
I think you're both saying the same
thing the third grouping of people
average is 5 7 which is what you were
saying with that I thought you were
saying average height of people in 1966
the 3rd average height of people was 5
foot 7 does that what you're saying
wait wait wait
like yeah America ranked third of all
the countries yes that's what it is and
we were average height five seven at the
time the average height of a male was
five seven the third tallest males in
the world today it is thirty seventh oh
that's a cute fuse ecstatic yeah it is
we ranked third of all the countries
Americans were five foot seven on
average but the average height in 1918
66 was five foot seven they do that I
guarantee you that's food
nobody had any goddamn for women were
five thirty will starve to death back
then probably a lot it probably is a lot
as people start today and if everybody's
that little it's the same genes how the
fuck is in a hundred years plus what is
150 years how do people get so much
bigger how do you get photo make you
months here - no one gives it up I wanna
do a mini stand next to someone like
Alistair Overeem or someone yeah how do
you make Holland the old Dutch dude how
do you get that house someone get that
big those are the Vikings right oh yeah
Rico Verhoeven he's the glory
heavyweight kickboxing champion it's
Breeden he's fucking giant dreaming
that's how you see a giant fight all is
fucked adult yeah that's how you get a
Brock Lesnar shit isn't magic it's real
simple the conquerors fuck all the
hottest women and then they make babies
and then in 2015 you get that guy what
it is German Shepherds in Chihuahuas and
you have like red BAM that's to me why
CRISPR is so fascinating what's CRISPR
CRISPR is gene editing technology that
they're they're currently using on live
human beings now they're doing what the
first test now on live human beings
yeah it's gene editing technology that
came up with what well I know I'm gonna
butcher this but they it's a tool that
they recognize that bacteria carry like
certain signals and they figured out how
to edit
genes using what they learned from how
bacteria carry these signals I know I'm
butchering this but they're getting
better and better with the tools and
they're getting to a point where they're
able to isolate certain genes like in
China they were able to give people HIV
avoidance resistance to HIV and it
really the code but it also had some
sort of a positive effect on their
intelligence with it for one and is yeah
as a bunch of weird like good but I
think that's speculated but there's a
bunch of weird chain reaction things
they're not entirely certain of that's
why I'm saying it's unethical this
experiment on people but they're doing
it about your ethics I'm gonna have a
super kid someone's gonna have a goddamn
incredible hostage or ethics well my kid
fucking smashes your village well you
once a country decides they're gonna
pull the trigger on super people
everyone else has to keep do you imagine
what it's like the troops is twenty
troops what if all porn by the year 2050
is Chinese guys with giant hogs oh it's
all because that's all they are that's
not the world I want to live in every
Chinese guy is seven foot tall and
they'll have a giant hog Wow they're
like we're sick of it we're sick of it
revenge they're all seven feet tall
how's it feel now giant Brock Lesnar
bones and huge hogs like like twelve
year old kids legs and they're just
banging everything that moves
just fucking their way further they're
better the world I mean once if one
country pulls the trigger and they
decide they're gonna make super people
everyone would have to catch up but it's
it's almost like the internet right if
we said hey we can't allow people to
communicate openly and freely we can't
allow an an even distribution of all the
information in the world it's just too
much power
we're just giving away to people we got
to stop this we got it we got to make
this only for a few people if they did
that what would what would the world
fucking be a totally different place but
they didn't do that and if someone
doesn't stop them before they make super
people real they say listen we can't do
this super people because then there's
going to be everyone's gonna be a person
and no one is gonna be no one's gonna
have body issues
no one's good because everyone's gonna
be perfect yeah we can't define ways
will find other browser too big I don't
like the way your nostrils flare yeah
yeah and then everybody might be a super
person yeah that'd be great
that's a hundred percent possible that's
that's within a hundred years they're
probably gonna be able to engineer
most things about people as something
catastrophic happens to us remember that
Van Damme movie which was a so soul John
you know Universal Soldier is that what
it was
about yeah I was just like look I think
that genetically augmented soldiers with
enhanced self-healing abilities and
superior strategy bien jean-claude van
damme ahead of his motherfucking time he
had a scene in Timecop remember there
was like a scene where he went back in
time with a machine gun
it was fucking people up like in the
Civil War days or something like that do
you remember that well somebody else did
didn't see that movie yeah yeah yeah
somebody else did that's what was
somebody else in time cop was like a bad
cop I think that went back it did bad
things they were like going back and
stealing gold and shit and coming back
with the gold yeah it's the guy he's
going after it
oh wow that's right so that dude see if
you find the videos in civil war injury
yeah yeah yeah Civil War this is fucking
great because I've always thought like
man how cool would it be to go back in
time like to the you know any any time
and you know the fucking the history of
the Spartans
and and see somebody show up out of
nowhere with a machine gun so he's
asking these people asking for the gold
and they pull out their gun and he's
just fuckin guns him down two fists with
machine guns or laser beams didn't shoot
the horses though interesting how
amazing accuracy very good my strained
yeah probably trained didn't look like
it though didn't look like he had like
real solid tactical training with the
you step but that was that scene I was
thought like that would be a cool scene
in a movie dude what are our lives we
sit here and talk talk to everybody you
it's like that's our jobs now yeah and
then you just do stand-up at night yeah
we just have our own fucking stupid
radio show you just do acid would you do
it's crazy yeah you made you pay your
rent off through fucking ads yeah yeah
it's amazing it's way better than a job
job oh my god what people ask me why do
I keep telling people to do it that's
why to do what to do podcast yeah and
people you told too many people to do
podcast why so there's more choice are
you fuckin elitist cunt don't be silly
everybody should do this you should do
if you listening to me and you're upset
that I'm saying it's probably cuz you
need to do your own podcast you know I'm
right that's just a many not everybody
should do podcast
don't ya you relax it should be but a
lot of people could a lot of people
could it's a viable job option that's
all I'm saying it's a job option you can
control yourself to bill you so you go
fuck fuck do it you got lucky you got in
early although you won't be this big but
fun time anything can happen you just
sit around talking shit you fucking
record it yeah yeah that's amazing yeah
and this is uh it's also a lot like the
internet and nobody saw this coming
nobody felt like the biggest broadcast
show is gonna be something that someone
just does on their own yeah yeah look at
these Logan Paul guys like that guy just
fought he had a boxing match that was
the headline dead body
yes yeah that guy he it was the headline
of an event the Staples Center Wow
yes he fought yes on his own live
streaming on his own whoa I bet a lot of
people watched it too I wonder how many
people watch that thing they do I mean
the zone you know what that is it's a
it's a streaming app it has all the big
major fights on it a lot of the big
boxing matches like Tyson Fury's fights
and what is Canelo Alvarez on that too I
think he is yeah there's a lot of like
top level and Ruiz the heavyweight
champion that too so all these guys in
it's like XML per month I don't remember
how much it cost you could watch the
fights on your phone it's fucking great
all the Bellator fights you can watch
all the belts are fights in your phone
but they have that with you sp2 UFC has
that ESPN Plus out same thing watch
y'all fights yeah and then they have
some boxing matches too that's cool you
watch those because then you could like
if you have to miss one yeah TuneIn fuck
yeah dude streaming is the shit
I get home from a gig and if it's a UFC
that I didn't see as long as I can stay
the fuck away from my phone I have no
idea what happened I go home
plot my fucking feet up watch the fights
after the shows oh it's wonderful
dude yeah yeah this phone is great oh
yeah oh you got a phone phone this yeah
yeah yeah oh my you can watch so much
stuff on this oh you can watch someone's
baseball playoffs oh yeah you watch
everything oh yeah oh I missed so much
in five years look is this Oh what are
these glass eleven thousand people watch
the stream this way on this guy's God's
lost no way I get on to twitch or
somebody no well
that is hilarious I'm trying to find the
actual numbers I haven't found 11,000
that is hilarious
what a crazy way to show a fight does he
get any extra credit for that cool cool
in this point yeah for sure but like can
he get in trouble for that yeah I mean
it's he's rebroadcasting I supposed to
do that
no mud this is a whole art project I say
it's fucking allowed yeah that's an inch
he's making it new enough you're not
really watching that for the actual
action who do want to see that what
happened sure that projects yeah be
stealing all right disagree
artistic license what's next what do you
see cut I think a GI glasses reality one
just got pushed 2 years so there's rumor
to come out really sometime soon but
yeah this push to take 2022 right now
no those they have some super people I
don't know if it's for serious
specifically but Alexa the one glasses
now they're like sunglasses that have
all time built-in while you're wearing
it you can talk to Alexa that was some
too much fuck off you need to take some
Russian scientists they need to bring
them Steve Jobs grave and bring it back
to life off they need to re reinvigorate
him reanimate him and have him run Apple
again from the grave
yeah with no soul just ruthless he was a
man's hands just some giant robot
nuclear you can't make everybody you
can't record everybody it's fucking
bullshit you can't have a fucking thing
that's gonna record you right I can't
decide that for people around me that
should be totally illegal it should be
bullshit but it's gonna happen fuck that
I almost don't mind up for this we don't
it's the rest of us didn't sign up for
it and we're still yapping to deal with
it that's true do you remember those
Google glasses yes and we were all like
fuck take those off people got beat up
they like get that shit out of here it's
like having a cell phone in someone's
face the whole time no one likes that no
nobody likes that that's not cool I'm
just people just have that all the time
don't feel safe no that should be
illegal they should not let that be and
no one could tell if you had it
recording or no no no exactly and what
didn't sign up for it yeah
you want to do it around your house
that's fine that shit should be illegal
but what do you do if China with their
super dick dudes all of a sudden has
glasses Huawei gets into company you do
that over there bring them over here we
don't even know it because we're so
fucking angering cuz we did we lost just
like the stem cell race we got behind
the curve maybe that's always a good one
that people like this well we got behind
the curve with stem cells so it's motion
right now yeah fuck that's not a thing
to do to make a good podcast you don't
think so no I'll be 30 minutes of boring
kscypher
million Paul had more pay-per-view buys
and Anthony Joshua vs. Andy wheeze Wow
Cody Hearn holy shit had about a million
or maybe more that's a lot for a
streaming here's a lot of people coming
dude that's a lot I didn't know that
they'd get that many for a streaming
service the thing is so many people have
these streaming services now so many
people do it's um this says 1.2 million
that did that's a lot man well that's a
lot that's huge oh I'm sorry
the first fight did that it is for this
wait he fought twice looking Paul they
got it a year ago yeah it was a amateur
fight that time and this is a
professional fight yeah it's
professional six round fight huh and it
was the headliner of a card where Billy
Joe Saunders fight Billy Joe Saunders
one of the best fighters in the world
he's an elite fighter world champion he
defended his title on the undercard of
to YouTube guys fighting know how much
of an insult is that for him I'm sure
he's just like I'm getting paid we got a
fuckin views too more views it's good
for him wow that's crazy what a killer
it's all about the fucking dollar nobody
gives a shit about the art do they're
two youtubers fighting yeah
there's no art Brian I mean there's
there's some art to it right it's a
creation there's some drama a lot of
shits going down yeah but I'm saying the
other guy's a fucking Billy Joe Saunders
yeah buddy for him people don't know who
he is you didn't know he is right now
you do see it's like it's good so one by
knockout he won by knockout so it was
good good showcase for him he's a
vicious he should a challenge Logan Paul
next oh he'll kill this really I was a
winner of this fight can't do that
like a lot more money no not the same
way class Billy Joe Saunders is like 1
or 2 with he's light heavyweight what is
he is he super middleweight Google what
he is I think he has Billy just on his
beat him with his right arm tied behind
his back it wouldn't be fair at all it'd
be horrible but that guy is an elite
world champion boxer and Logan Paul had
one fight splint on his leg right arm
tied behind his back
you know something will be for Logan
Paul someone did that jason Ellis is so
crazy you had a fight where who did he
do it with Shane Carwin that's right oh
my god that makes it even more crazy
that's right Shane Carwin who's one of
the biggest punching heavyweights in the
history of the fucking sport he made
Shane Carwin tape his arm to his body
look at this so he's got his right arm
taped to his body and he's just blast
him with lots and - Shane Carwin was a
fucking murderer a murderer dude this is
such a ridiculous idea friend there's so
much lighter dude that guy's a giant oh
my god he hasn't even really tried to
hit him yet dude when I was taking
jujitsu in Boulder yeah um I was on the
math he's just got left this is only
needs man what he scooped him up for
some reason at one point time just to
joke around to pick him up but uh when I
was there I was training at uh there
jujitsu school and this guy walked in
there as a left hook fucking terrible
idea yeah look at that watch that punch
again he's so big man he's so big
one backed it up a little bit look at
this oh right on it he was trying it
till he got him he's so bit a little bit
of movement separation he's just way too
strong a way way way way way way too
strong to him anyway that guy walked in
when I was doing jujitsu I was rolling
car was that I was like it's not a
cartoon person what is that he was that
at the time was probably close to 300
pounds
he's so big it's ridiculous - he's got
like a body arms like where your body is
that's his arms and deferred Ellis be so
crazy these will be willing to have a
boxing match
punched in the head that's words he's a
fighter with Jack a spurts fuck all that
noise you can get some neverending
headaches would you fight now what I no
no listen to what I'm saying I know but
like not one of those guys some of the
celebrity many people that are having
real problems with their head really yes
a lot of fighters like post-career
are having real struggles it's not it's
no joke man you got to know when to stop
and head injuries are that about head
gear that's worse well head gear doesn't
help head gear makes your head like a
bigger target it's easier to hit and
then also when you get hit it act it's
like it's unnatural fulcrum all its
fucking weight on your head yeah I think
you're probably good thing about it is
you're trying to avoid cuts
that's what head gear is good for it's
good for your warning card okay but you
can get fucked up with a punch or a kick
wearing head gear yeah big gloves help a
little bit yeah big gloves still get
your fucking brains rattled sure I
talked about having a fight but he won't
fight me no don't get your brains
rattled dude it won't be me I guess he's
worth herself not hurting himself yeah I
couldn't hurt
yeah and his mom was worried about it
too what he trying to say trying to talk
shit says his mom's worried about him no
I know I love him he's worried about
where he's gonna fuck him out was that
were you saying yeah I think that's
overall I stepped away from the fight
yeah if I had a fight against I was
trying to figure out what's going to try
to find me won't find me why do you want
to fight him you guys work together yeah
I know but he's talked about this fight
forever and he won't fight me forever
yeah you would do this I know you would
know for sure do you think you would not
fight higher sober probably no I don't
know maybe I trains high all the time
with that he encouraged it
yeah always it's great would you um I'm
not sure see if I was high that'd be a
negative bear muck bare-knuckle you
think I was not thinking about all those
thing the big gloves but that's W one
way to go
I don't think bear not going down
bare-knuckle open hand my combat slap I
poked in the eye trust
she Lewis said break his hand stop
fighting today did he really broke it's
a quick fix though I think so what he
hit it
Jane head real hard he's got a super
wide yeah he's got big bones @j yeah
how was gangster you went on fun yeah we
were so high though dude and it was the
day after sober October was over uh
blitzkrieged and they kept rollin blunts
and passed him around and I was and I
had to pronounce some Russian names two
hours later you know cut for the way ya
do the weigh-ins two hours later so this
is them slap fighting Jeremiah is ready
Oh him and Jeremiah
that's when he brought them I just let
him up Jeremiah changed stance he knows
how to use that fucking he goes for the
block - he goes backhanded uh-oh he's
toying with them whoa another round two
- Jeremiah slapped oh my god oh shit
Louis what he fake boxes he touches you
you learn had a box from fuckin Catholic
school I thank you to Kansas somewhere
yeah for real
yeah this hit a slap cattle on the
fucking he learned Louis's outclassed by
this 130 pounder he's bigger than that
Oh losses - angle dude this is a slap
Tom saw this is a real slap fight this
is real slap fight yeah this isn't like
some guys playing silly Gomez cracked oh
that's the kind of fighting that got
your dad stabbed to death region of
skanks slap boxing oh my god say
something kinky ko'd slap box and don't
get confused look at him he just had a
fire that was like a fight fight y'all
go out for this he had some of the
famous round - are they gonna go - oh it
goes you know what like this keep going
please what are you doing Wayne you shut
this off I'm not that wrong
oh my gosh
honey Luis is so serious right now well
what Jeremiah's doing I mean it's
telling what they're doing but he's
waiting he's putting his hand out they
spawn and Luis throws these combination
Jeremiah's waiting him he's catching him
as he's coming in where'd you compare
him to enter silver a little bit a
little bit the way he's like baby powder
fighting yes counter fighting and he's
also being very smart with his defense
and Luis got a little feel for that
right hand a little worried about right
hand doesn't wanna that thing's coming
down it's a good he's got a good reached
a keeps blocking on the side of jeremas
not touching you
Oh Oh Louis can't help but want to close
his fist yeah getting real close
Jeremiah circling that's a good move as
well but Luis is closing the distance he
looks very angry who's serious he's
going back to his room Iowa crying oh
he's getting very aggressive Jeremiah
might be losing steam oh he's taking big
reaches there's another round after this
jermiah doing this yeah that's gotta be
one more Oh keep it moving please let's
see the next round
oh my god so I just kept doing rounds
look he's got his back turned and shit
this is hilarious guys I'm so glad these
guys are alive they're just so
ridiculous yeah they're they're pushing
wild comedy dude right now go as far as
I go on they just course not it's just
such an open environment for doing
whatever it's also in support of like
like I said wild comedy but you need
that one need that you need two people
gather round ratings out obviously
people love it oh but good German soul a
key takes away Palm Springs
Lewis is relaxing a little bit more now
and he's starting to use some technique
that was some nonsense right there
hey look like you just punched him in
the seat well if he looks like he's
closing his time he smacked him hard in
the head with that right hand
I haven't slapped Jeremiah got twice
yeah you can slap I mean you could jab
Oh Lewis just smacked him loose well he
went to the body with a punch dude he's
he's punching
do de Souza he's is he slapping to the
body punching to the body can't help it
he's an oath he's uneducated which is a
lot of his problem the concept you
recommend to him what what books would
you recommend him he'll play soccer up
with that right hand - he got lit up he
got lit up oh my god revising the metric
he's trying hard to come worse the round
is over at Lewis still punching fucking
trash oh wow is that it I mean he won
that fight he's all he's got Jeremias
heels
Jeremiah won the first round second
round I say was a wash I'm definitely
not I didn't judge it no people are
saying one more round okay was to see
Jeremiah takes it I can see it is all
who would want to Wow well listen he did
crack him with some papers all based on
round two and that was close big shots
look at Jeremiah slap boxing people that
look at Ain full as fuck like his face
is raw oh my god they might have to have
a rematch this whole way nobody let me
taste em about slapping people in the
face slap me view of the face is open
hands open hands hitting your eyeball
you gonna scratch your fucking eye and
you gonna have a real eye injury that's
how I'm not saying I'm not saying don't
get shot at your job you do whatever you
want but I want you to know that open
hand slapping and reaching like that you
just ask as someone who's seen probably
500 people get poked in the eye up close
you're gonna get poked in the eye too
great that is the best way to
incapacitate someone don't do it though
and what don't do that don't know don't
flies yeah don't do if you need to win
use this like I like your technique walk
goggles those little slits come on your
eyes and that's a good way to get those
things whacked off growing our nails out
- maybe if you had some eye goggles like
legit little welding goggles or some
shit
some school guards there you go but they
don't beam it would almost be worse for
you because it will fuck with your
peripheral if you didn't get used to
slapping people when you have things on
this one thing I always hated about
headgear you put them on you can't see
things here and here good your window of
your field of view gets narrowed yeah it
becomes a problem when you get close you
don't see where punches are coming
you know see what the goggles yeah
headgear that's nicer coming you don't
see things coming so I would think that
would be the same thing with those
goggles yeah swimmers goggles I think
these fuck oh yeah yeah we fuck up a lot
don't fuck with your peripheral all
those things would fuck with your
peripheral yeah no way you don't see
anything coming but unless you trained
with them on if you trained with them on
maybe you could do it but also used to
but still cuts you down you could also
just touch your goggles with their face
then we get their sweat all over your
goggles then you wouldn't be able to see
as good another good technique yeah
they're both wearing goggles though so
it's fair but they would both do that it
was fucking you up you wouldn't be able
to see that good what your wife but we
should see what what's in front of you
I'd like let's just fight let's just cut
this shit put some gloves on and fight
you already say that if we're gonna slap
fight let's just let's just fight I want
to be able to take you down strangle you
this is nonsense for amateur in the eyes
you know smearing each other's fucking
God think we've been enough just
straight jujitsu fight between you and
Louis cuz he thinks him
that's hilarious he's watched over a
hundred UFC fights he's a big fellow
though he is so bad probably good at it
yeah he's a big tough he lay on you
weigh 330 he's lost though that's a lot
he's lost over 20 pounds no he's not
that big oh well he's back he's
ballooned he trying to start a fight
with him I am NOT I'm just saying he has
ballooned I was guessing a high weight
at Sodor special when he taped it I was
like what you say I said what are you
like 248 he goes like 250 I was like I
was guessing high I thought it'd be 220
that's a big fellow yeah face big period
like that guy just you know if he died
it down and got ripped he's still 215
220 pounds the big fella yeah he lost 45
pounds he'd be 215 see that big Matt
seems big coach I don't know sometimes
you like don't realize people just get
like suddenly bit so what his glasses
why is he wearing yellow glasses
everywhere says new thing he has a you
know some guys have a thing he's always
looking for eight days in well did you
peek Jay took it from DICE the
weightlifting gloves like Jays homage
people don't know that that's his homage
to Dice Clay really yeah the
weightlifting gloves big Jays a giant
dice fan he loves
giant dice fell yeah who isn't there's
lot dice to meet J or a roof party in
July 4th this year yeah I think this
year so a couple months ago yeah maybe
yeah November yeah that sounds about
right could have been a year ago but I
think this year and so I was I don't
even know it's time you know but like I
was like hey come meet me that my friend
Jay wants to meet you and then we were
just up on the roof like Jay can you
meet somebody who's talking is OK I hang
on was like now just real quick and then
look he was like wow that's awesome
yeah we were gonna do a podcast with him
and dice really remember what happened I
probably dropped the ball chef kuma and
dice doing die sobs oh dear friends
right other friends I know they had a
thing for awhile that's washed it was
one of the best feuds not to give a good
roll radio feuds radio feuds were great
well he would do radio feuds on purpose
but dice would get into feuds my office
o purpose yeah so much of it was like
theater people don't know he called me a
crazy shit he did he commits so hard
remember when he had those comics acting
out some movie that he was filming with
his VHS good never-ending dice movie by
the way he stopped and he rewind and
press pause right there and start
recording from there couldn't go back in
it backwards forward backward or stop
that guy's about to bunch of no way mid
punch this is after he had sold out like
what 300 stadiums yeah he sold out
arenas and stadiums all across the world
he was a giant superstar yeah after that
he's recording these fucking weird
impromptu he made us have he made us
have characters miles Giovanni would
show up because you're the foreigner and
every time you show up I'm gonna give
you the evil eye but get be the fauna
have to look back a time we couldn't go
on stage we'd have to do this
so I'm gonna put up so neon fell first
yeah Brenna's east tower - oh my Ma's
was the foreigner he had mean Bobby
while we were fighting he had us he made
us come into these and like beat each
other up oh my god
yeah so ridiculous so ridiculous we
would slam each other's heads against
shit
but in that way he's like his son would
show you a leak like who would you say
dice is like if someone said what's dice
like in real life I'd be like what yes
like you don't know anybody like him why
am I telling you you have to meet him we
can't understand it yeah you can't do
you don't know he's wearing he's wearing
like old Jewish lady sunglass oh yeah
enormous the glasses are enormous
he's giant swept up on dyeing his hair
it's all grey now yeah
like said yeah the glasses are like the
Elvis they like not rhinestones but the
thick gold it goes back here to get
shorter you know legit at the gym
everyday so he does a lot of videos from
the gym cuz he does work out a lot still
here's a term called you know in the
cage oh my god that picture is amazing
just just rock diamonds everywhere
pictures of me look at the one above it
the upper left that's just a glass it
does that's classic dice it was good me
Rumia me and coo mia and Jimmy and fuck
who else went with us somebody else I
went with it I went with you once to the
to the dice show in Vegas you were there
too I think I'm at a different time than
you guys went oh man we all went to the
Riviera before the Riviera clothes he
was up in that uh the upstairs residence
on the large room yeah dude we had such
a good time it's giant sideburns yep
look at him I loved him in Wolverine but
it was such a valuable work I know it's
funny shave the throne even on the
bottom this is my new sideburns he's
always looking for a goof Oh
always always oh just like yeah he gave
somebody his phone and his phone number
out on radio one day he's about to get a
new phone and so on radio he goes hey my
old phone numbers he didn't say old
phone number it goes my phone number is
this
and he goes give me a call I'll talk to
you I had people to start talking to him
on calling him he said come come my car
look it's a turned it on
soon as he turned it on just starts
ringing Wow people calling mouthing
hello yeah yeah it's me uh hey this is
one guy start calling the guy back and
then he start like bothering the guy oh
my god call him at work it's just Andrew
the guys like nice I just have to talk
to him his dream is to talk to dice
right now I really can't so what kind of
work you're doing right now what is it
was there just bothering I'm saying
until the guy was like avoiding his call
that would be the thing that gets his
gear spinning that would be it
I know what I want to do yeah like that
that would be what he wants to do he
would you'd rather be the butt of the
joke or he'd have somebody else watching
him yeah classic human and just loved it
all the time and it's like even to this
day he's doing it if someone's in the
back steps of the Comedy Store and let's
say you're fabulous you're standing
straight up and I'm two steps up you
can't see you don't focus okay so I'm
two steps you're standing up I'm
standing up from two steps I'm honest
and you're like oh nice to meet you did
you do that hey dice nice to meet you oh
yeah yeah it's really good I just never
looked down yeah that's great I just
come down now looked out it's like uh
it's always good to meet a fan oh that's
great I think guys like that okay sure
I see you and then he sit down I just
asked if saw we saw that Jesus God he's
crazy
yeah he's always in it for the goof he's
a legit character right his message I
remember realizing at some point I
didn't have to grow up in his business
like I still had thoughts of like even
though I'm not gonna be a lawyer like
but like that's still the direction I'm
supposed to head you know it's like we
have should be distinguished yeah or
something if and change you behavior
we're gonna happen I'm gonna become an
adult and then I heard our called dice
and his answering machine was that Scott
is mid-50s right and I'm like oh maybe I
don't
to go up maybe I could just be like
fucking whatever oh look I never changed
I don't think you have to grow up I
think people will put pressure on you
because they have to grow up maybe
they're like why don't you have to grow
up in a blurs yeah as long as you're
paying your bills as long as you're
paying your taxes you know you're not
you know you're not a deadbeat dad keep
child abuse to a minimum you said that
is hard that as long as you're a good
person who gives a shit if you grow up
yeah what is happening what are we doing
we have a finite time here we're
deciding we want people to behave in a
certain way all you want people just
don't be an asshole doesn't matter if
you grow up or not grow up yeah this
guy's like dice are having a great
fucking time it was somebody like one
thing he's gonna die and I hope he dies
in the middle of a prank I know people
don't realize how would you make him
happy
make him sometimes stays dead never
we're just kept waiting that's what's
the option and what's option number two
nobody's living forever folks it's not
happening this is as good as it gets I
will tell you if dice dies on stage and
your comic in the area and you have to
at some point people start to realize oh
fuck this is not a prank you know yeah
if you get up there and realize he's
dead right you should say okay and then
stand up black its fucking gag and then
just leave it up there for a while
longer yeah see how long you keep it
going he would have wanted it that way
yeah I think so yeah for sure yeah yeah
he's nuts he's just funny it's just a
way to live he made Norton and and and
Florentine introduced him like they go
into a Subway sandwich shop in the black
ladies and gentlemen avert your eyes the
ledger just coming in and he was like
walk in for a Subway sandwich shop
that's hilarious yeah there'll be a
great show you have just dice on the
road and someone announces him like that
everywhere he goes yeah peasants please
the legend clear the floor he banned me
from his house for a year once would you
do I didn't do
he doses kids I did not know I would
never do that
mostly I'm scared of dice he said he had
a gun in his in his desk drawer and I
was like no you don't no way you would
never have him around your kids because
I do and he said he'd bet me $200 and
I'm like you know I don't have $200 so I
can't make that bet and he goes on it
well I do
and then he threes all left his thing
goes don't look in there and I'm like
I'm not gonna look in there you just
don't fucking look in there but I won't
and then Freddie Soto fucking fuckface
Freddie Soto fuckface told him I was
just in the office told him that I went
into his drawer he said I was rifling
through his drawers and dice like that's
it it's a lie was a lie by Freddie total
endives like you're out you're banned
from the house couldn't go to barbecues
anymore yeah I was rifling through his
affairs which never happened dice I
never did that I was in the room why do
you think Freddie did that
well of course cuz of that reason cuz
he's that cuz he got me banned he wanted
to get you back yeah why do you why do
you think Freddie would want to get you
man I think he was jealous of my
upbringing and how I had a foosball
table at home and it always bothered him
they didn't have that growing up in
Texas interesting maybe interesting I'm
not sure but the point is I never
referred those Affairs
you know what Burt said once it was
really freaky no he was high too so
don't take this with a grain of salt
Burt goes I don't think you ever die I
go what are you talking about people
died it was prove it you haven't died I
don't think you died prove it's a good
one though here's the thing prove it's a
good like good point
sorta yeah but what are you saying that
like I've had enough people come on this
podcast that have you semi convinced
that you're living in some sort of
simulation what does he think happens
that's a good question what do you think
you think that when the when we have
seen bodies no longer have life in them
right right but that's not you it's not
him so those people are all just the
players I don't know I don't know what
he's saying is he saying he's that he's
the only thing in the universe I've
heard that theory or is he saying like
none of us died what if everyone was the
only person in their own universe and
everyone's universe intersects with
other people's universes and that you
think that the universe you exist in is
the same as one that I exist in because
we hang out together yeah but the actual
universe in your world is revolved
around you and in your worlds dun dun
dun my Rahl's army kept it to move real
quick yes
once one guy becomes realized that he's
in that he's able to travel to other
universes has to kill the one person
from each universe that could be a
person yeah time travel space no one
will find him yeah it's it's been made I
believe where they're finishing it now
it's coming out next year with Ryan
Reynolds which plays an NPC character in
a video game that realizes he's oh yeah
yeah in like oh whatever hilarity ensues
oh that's funny it's a comedy
I don't know character that's like the
older diss right there called someone an
NPC that means you're just like a dead
on just like a walking like walking into
a wall yeah it's got pulling nails out
of wood
yeah by the way if anyone makes that
movie you're welcome to we both give you
permission yeah go ahead we want tickets
to the premiere
yeah we want and say it's based on a
conversation between Ari Shaffir and Joe
Rogan the Joe Rogan experience and Ari
Shaffir is taping of his new
motherfucking comedy special will be
February 8th New York Manhattan right
near Washington Square Park at the
Skirball Center and re the great calm I
think I turn around for tickets I'll
post up my Twitter my Instagram and and
dude yeah February 2 shows like after
all these years you still are slurring
your words together like you would
almost like especially when we do
tag-team when you're introducing
people's like your fucking words
I'll make four into two sometimes I'll
get 7 into 3 that's uh that's a
punch-drunk thing to you know do you
think I'm punching no I don't think oh I
but that I know you're not in fact but
some people who are one of the things is
they start slurring their words together
they say hey they're all of them they
all sound the same like they started
talking about like yeah
but they can't get their mouth to move
as fast as their brain something's wrong
there's just yeah this shit's not firing
right brain damage son that's we were
talking about earlier I know too many
people that have been hit in the head no
it's just after a while man and the
thing is you can retire now and you
start getting headaches like three four
years from now thinking depression might
set in five six years from now yeah
seven eight years from now you might
have memory issues it's not a simple
like it's really like here you are right
now like as if you stopped fighting like
right now today I think I stopped
fighting in a good time I got my
faculties I'm all fine right now yeah
maybe but maybe all the times you've
been hit over those years leading up to
that is going to start to kick in years
from now that's why you see some
fighters they're fine when they retire
but then you see them ten years after
they retire and you could barely
understand a word they're saying that's
what's going on there that's when it's
kicking in people that I have heart
disease like years after they stopped
doing coke is that true yeah that makes
its their hearts just go weaker yeah
that makes sense I long for the day when
they figure out how to revitalize brains
when they figure out how to whether it's
through stem cells or snorting stem cell
snorting it yeah yeah suck one of those
Chinese guys giant monster dick and
that's where the best stem cells are
Matterhorn that was the only way to fix
TBI you had a suck a giant they didn't
stick that's right we have their pure
and also a cat we have shot it right
into these monster cocks that would be
the Chinese porn film these guys that
would be the debut the only way to cure
brain damage would be you'd have to suck
one of their cocks and I get these old
football players they're bad knees and
suck these giant Chinese cocks and
they're like what if but what is sucking
this cock the act of it gave me more
depression and they're like well no no
the cure is so good so yummy you're
gonna love it you're gonna want to suck
all the cocks it's like the first card
what's hard is like just go ahead and
jump in the queue you just get in there
and suck that Cup first one is the
biggest once you already a cocksucker
yeah
worried about just suck suck to your
heart's content now he's happy cuz it
tastes good the shames gone it's over
yeah and it cures all of his brain
damage fixes he was getting these
treatments all the time you have women
like Botox women that are addicted to it
you have that I'm gonna feel great
that's where all of the best stem cells
came from they came from a dude's dick
and if you really wanted to get them get
them right from the tap because you
can't have them in air they die
instantly yeah so you got to literally
take it from the cock to your mouth
sorry there's no other way
Oh Jamie Jamie's like I'd rather have
brain damage
can I picture a movie sure okay so do
with cocks yes it does it's a lot of
that so these Chinese guys are actually
bred in a lab to make they're not out in
the streets but then they get there but
that's just some milk them for their
fucking produce juice you know right but
super sperm and they get out they get
out a lot one didn't lock the door oh
yeah then it sees moths or guys and that
people want to kill him but also don't
kill them we need their sperm right so
that it's first they try to capture
alive they're also massive dudes and
then people want to suck a dick so when
they were about to be caught
maybe that ought something to do with it
right the cops in the backseat sucking
his dick when they're arrest and that's
how they'll get out a bunch I got a bad
back you mind before we go in there come
on I get it come on back here I'll ask
ya that would be the greatest fucking
gay porno of all time that would that's
a really shit well Superman engineered
Superman with the giant hard dick and
everybody wants to suck his dick because
it cures all of your ailments yeah and
he wants out to live as free life I
better not add a CL since 86 it's too
important I'll suck it
oh that's all you have to do that's
they've done research they know but
imagine if that was the only way get
curious stem cells it was like Jesus
touching you
yeah yeah I mean it's the labs he would
constantly escape like yeah how much do
you make a year officer fifty grand
all right what are you hurt you got
stabbed and you want mmm I can I can
just open your mouth a jerk-off and you
don't have to suck it you wash got the
cancer yours go cancer you can shotgun
it for ride you don't have shit on a
second shotgun it
take when just pretend you're sucking on
your own already go through no spitting
in the mouth spinner mouth swallow it
feel the healing yeah it can't hit air
at all
that's the catcher there you got to make
air tight Thanks someone has to plug
your belly's with the toe how long for
women have robot fuck dolls once men
have robot fuck dolls how many years
before women have him after that well
men allow have it they just don't have
the body that goes with it they already
have the best fuck things they have
vibrators and giant dongs and purple
dishes you want hardness men wants
softness which is hard to replicate than
hardness sodium an chemists
some man would want something
interesting that a woman would probably
take advantage of like what would
immediately not all men want some girl's
gonna take eventually yeah but the girls
gonna take like oh you're saying that I
gather that machine or like oh this it
was made for a guy it'll be the gays
will be like I'm a man I want mine and
the women are like can I use yours while
you're not using right right so a gay
guy has a fuck doll then he like a
massage is not for a massage it's for
whatever girls use it for me when the
owner closes on the gay man's house for
partying all day and I'm working right
when she just used their fuck doll yeah
industrious lesbians yeah Luther you're
a loser but you got a good fuck doll
yeah cleaning up bring it by my place
yeah is this all part of the movie
lesbian entrepreneur Oh getting the fuck
down payment for back rent okay this I
mean we're about 50 years away from
having indistinguishable I just made
that number up but I'm pretty confident
no it's indistinguishable human robots
looks exactly right I think it's about
right right Yeah right about when you
and I are ready to kick the bucket will
be walking they'll be robots hanging out
in Starbucks and we'll go that's
real person yeah I mean this was already
on my pet just when I walked in here so
I believe if you're correct
Wow you wrote that already yeah that was
already on her that's taking about the
cerrado well we just deal with your hand
that made it look like writing I don't
know okay that's I don't member saying
that over there no anyway Joo February
8th February Ari Shaffir Joo
ah 98 in the New York City tickets at re
the great calm all right the epic tank
it's been outstanding - I'm sorry
podcast we were trying to do a swap cast
yeah we'll do another one
okay we're round I want to have you on
yeah we're gonna do that one poisonous
things we did we can swap this no no
we'll do another one do another one will
do it on things that scare you
right yeah those monsters you're always
talking about yeah things you can kill
you you know a lot of shit they can kill
you dude you talk for days for days yeah
we'll do it we'll do the next one
and we should do it in here because I
would like yeah yeah you know I put all
that shit up yeah we'll do it again
we'll do it again yeah there you go
fuckers you get another podcast there
you go goodbye
[Music]